[Music]
There you have the portal of León 1378 where
Miguel Carcaño and his brother lived there
We are located at León 13 78 this is the
address where Marta disappears
The only thing we want is in Terramarca
We cannot live without knowing
where it is possible
They thought this was going to be just
a missing girl
but here we are, your father and I, and
as long as there is a new house from the Castillo
I live This is not going to stay like this
[Music]
What does happen to me is that they are with me
memory
[Music]
Miguel, for each of you, so many versions
different about where it is located
Marta's body Because I don't know it
I don't know where it is
[Music]
[Applause]
The only thing I hope is that it is done
a conviction and that the lies do not come out
so free because they have played with it
pain and humiliation of a family
for 13 years
Good evening family. How are you?
I hope you had a great day
great and a phenomenal day we have today
a special and different live show now
You know that we have been absent for a few days
on all channels because we wanted
focus on informing and doing this
work I'm here with my partner
court good evening
Hello, good evening, welcome, so good.
nights Javi Thanks for inviting me to your
channel is a pleasure triun has worked
a lot on this topic has a channel
that I recommend to you and I have left fixed
in the chat where you will find out all about
a lot of data that we are going to try to give you
voice tonight and that is that the family of
Marta Triumph has had a hard blow
lately and well basically now it
we explained after greeting Mireda
Mireda Good night good night Javi
the same as tribe delighted to be
Welcome here
Well look, I invited him because he
has studied both sentences well
has been working on them these two
days also has channel in
YouTube in case you want to subscribe and
then we will be comparing
the contradictions of the two
sentences because it really is a case
I don't know if we could call it botched work.
colleagues or maybe I'm just sneaking in
no no no from my point of view both
research as well as the process
judicial we could at least strike it out
of strange research perhaps a
a bit of botched work and the judicial process of
strange Yes yes
there are a lot of not only with
traditions but directly from
purposes errors let's call it
mistakes things that have not been done well and
really triumph I think first
we have to start the first thing by giving it
Thanks to everyone who has
been on Twitter all day or so
surprised us a lot because they have
supported and I hope it doesn't decline
because the intention that we have
with this live show that is clearly a
case that all of Spain knows we did not come
Here to tell you something that people don't
know how to simply put you all in
context comparing things with the other
demonstrating what is proven and
discarding what is not proven
but nevertheless he pushed forward
Our intention is to see
if we can help in something because never
you know who's watching you, you have to
remember that for example it looks like a
nonsense but what a deluxe operation it is
a criminal case for disclosure of secrets
which is a television scandal that
many of you who follow me now
You know it started because someone
from the Ministry of the Interior was
Watching Save Me that afternoon and Mira Ximénez
He started talking about a police report
So
We are not going to be fanciful in this case.
What the family asks for directly is
that the trial be repeated because it is that
both the trial and the investigation
as resources as a lot of
things we are going to tell you
It has some plots and it has some things that
They don't make sense, okay, I'm going to
advance something that we are going to comment on
then later on in the live to
almost final And it is also going to be for us
visit Maika Vasco Maica Vasco a
My friend, also a lawyer on YouTube,
will clarify some doubts for us
judicial the problem that the case has
in itself, to call it somehow, is that
It has already been judged, there is a sentence two
final judgments And that is very complicated
Let's be honest to have a
little feet on the ground is not very
complicated because there is already a game played
criminal procedure law and there is a
procedural code and things can be done
There is very little that can be done and it is complicated
Ok, it depends on what you want to play.
whoever wants to take it but
sadly the law that there may be
something that needs to be changed and there is something that
is failing based on the procedural code
This has already been a final judgment. Well, no.
allows you to judge it again
if it were archived however
guys if it was archived No
we would have almost no problems because
being archived it can be reopened and
You can try again and they will accept you.
almost everything that is what happens Being
sincere that at that moment
there was no way
file that case because filing a
case means there are no convictions
so
And this is what's happening in the last few days
We know that Antonio del Castillo is
ha or the price let's see he does
a time the root of the documentary of
Netflix that all many people here
I imagine you will have seen that it was proposed to
judged the analysis of the phones of
anyone who had been involved
accused at some point within the
cause of death Well actually
investigated because the term charged
changed a long time ago No then Antonio
de Castillo asked for good Antonio de
Castillo's family not Castillo's
Casanova then asked that it be
the judge investigated these phones
At first he accepted that they were
everyone's What does everyone's mean
Well, that of Miguel Calcaneo logically
It's from El Cuco by Samuel Francisco
Javier and María García mendaro who would be
the girlfriend, the ex-girlfriend or girlfriend, I don't know
still if she continues with him or not
Francisco Javier not at first
He accepts it but then strangely enough,
denies that an investigation be carried out in the case of the
others and only stays for
investigate Marta's and and
Miguel Carcaña not Antonio del Castillo
So he presents an appeal and this appeal
Well, it has been denied by the court
higher court orders him to pay costs and
So he has made an appeal
because he is going to present the appeal to the
constitutional court Then I
what I want or what I tried When I did
the live shows I've been doing
last week on my channel teaching
some things are that people understand
if the request that makes it in
In this case, Marta's family has
some coherence or not Yes yes it is something that
is it moderately acceptable or if it is something
that everyone seeing the signs
that there is or the evidence that there is is raised
the fact that it is normal for them to be
rejecting that option not in this resource
is not asking for a retrial
He is not asking for a trial
new that is cancelled that has been requested by
On the other hand, sometimes in this case it
wants would also be his thing also in
In this case what we are talking about is the
Esos' research topic
phones So I think that all of them
time you see today's live stream
same in your house without leaving
influenced by anyone because you should
think if Antonio is really good
Antonio, I mean the whole family.
What they present makes sense or not.
has if it is so Well then all
Let's support and try to put pressure on
that when that resource amounts to
constitutional because at least the
judges who are going to give their opinion that
that that
a little bit before before doing it
we have not seen here in this country for
pressures from society have been
achieved things that have since changed
laws and justice has echoed them
They don't, well, let's see if this is another one.
Something else I want to add to
what Jose just said is
that what is truly strange about
the judge's decision at first
accept the investigation into the motives
and after denying it is when they are
mobile phones that finally admit them
that are investigated are Miguel's
Carcaño and Marta's but of course It's that
This almost shows a lack of
information on the subject because the
Marta's mobile phone as you well know never
appeared
And that can be provided by companies or
That is why in theory companies can
provide a CD to see if you have it
perfect mobile if you have the terminal
physical is much better because you save
having to request this in addition to this
you don't always have Because you also have
They are deleted after a period of time but
Well, normally companies do it
They usually have what happens that can happen
in case they do not have all the data
that we could pick up from the Terminal
physical but good in a bad way
We have that raw data which is what
These telephone companies are requested
No, it is also curious that
only one honey phone is analyzed
when Miguel was four at that time
telephone lines that we have always
asked what Miguel had four
But well, it had four lines
telephone lines that it has and
four lines showing the numbers
during the trial. So it is only
analyzes Miguel's phone
Motorola v9 I think was the model that
had and the hammer phone that did not
appears that is what I tell you that they are
the raw data that should be
Request from telephone companies
because there was this one that is being analyzed because
He was still in Morón prison
that when he enters, he delivers it there
It is still the mobile that remains from
So Exactly now we are going to move on to
explain well so that people understand
what is being asked for because
We are here giving a little data
not that he is asking for an investigation
the motives that are being investigated
mobiles and it sounds a bit like that
you want to gossip on the mobile phone in the
messages on your social networks, calls
Now now we are going to explain what it is
that you really want to ask and if
It makes sense for you to think if this
It makes sense in the case we are in.
speaking or not having it is worth one thing very
important thing that I want to ask you
people because of course I would like to
that this went viral is that you try
especially with the hashtag you have it
down there justice for Marta who
this becomes a trend on social media
social tonight is worth everything
we are talking here commenting on it
through social networks on Twitter
and others with the hashtag justice for
Marta to wear all 24
hours in trend and I'm also going to
ask that the things you find
more curious or that attracts you more
Attention Within this live
Click on the data documents that we can extract.
you can capture
You can capture it and you can share it
with the hashtag it's ok, that is, if you want
take a click from the live, take it and
you put on Twitter with the hashtag so that
make noise so that it reaches far. Okay.
Triun we start with let's explain to
people because we are going to we are going to
do it chronologically, let's say
we are going to spend the afternoon that is supposed to
Martha threw it out and then therefore the
also involved with her there is one who
has the dog inside the room
no no but I'm really sorry that
many times it is not just the neighbor's
mine will see if I seem to grab the
window and less noise comes in Sorry about that
The truth is that it happens to me almost every time I live.
a Calvary but
we are going to try to do it
chronologically the route it had
Marta that afternoon and therefore also
those involved But first This is going to be
I want to give a very clear warning about a right
extensive okay it's going to be a very live
extensive where we are going to deal with everything very
calmly and we will try to enter
in as much detail as possible
that they are real, that is, that they are
accepted proven basically because
Now for example what we are going to see are
positioning of the phones of the
telephone lines in the
repeaters, that is, this is real, this is
aim
listening well
There is one thing that needs to be said to people:
you understand the year 2009 as the dates
that we have right now at the level
technological I mean or you now
same you position a phone by means of
GPS triangulation and others and the
positioning is accurate and fast
Furthermore, they not only position you
phone but if you take a tour
This route can be followed not in the
2009 this did not happen How they were triangulated
in 2009 the phones Well through
of the connections they made with the
different antennas not phone you you
you were moving and the phones were not
connect to the satellite the phone is
connects to an antenna that is
Normally if you are in the city on a
building and as you move along the
city ​​as you can see is jumping
from one antenna to another antenna no Then
what is really being sought then
see which antennas they were on
positioned Those phones in certain
hours What happens if for example you
you position on an antenna for a long time
time because understand that you are standing in
a place you're not moving No yes
positioning is fast has been
past during the other because it is
it is understood that you are moving
but it's not no you don't understand the technology
that we had then with what we have today
in day then Of course we ask for that
positioning by antennas that
It is always more imprecise and always good
Well, it doesn't tell us what a route is
exactly they don't speak ideas
On a map you see a path on a GPS
instead it would be a dotted line
that we should continue talking
in a more vulgar way, okay, look here for
For example, we have Llanes Avenue,
It is a nearby place and we are going to go
to be repeated for several moments of the
evening
at this point on Avenida del Llane
Well, these antennas would be up here.
this would be two three five G now
that photo
Here on the map you are seeing a lot
that in 2009 were not valid
example here you are seeing the one from Llanes
which would be the one I just taught And
surely some of those that are
appearing around here No
would be at that time there wouldn't be so much
What would be the most that Blues and reds do not
There were all those who were not the ones who were not
whether Vodafone, Movistar or
Also Yes but the yellow ones for
example that they are more mobile those not because
They are not even two antennas, that is more
modern But hey I'm working
on the subject of antennas Although you see
yellow and such are not the same, that is
change
in the same place Although they have later
position other operators are usually
They change the devices inside but very
It's strange that they put new antennas there.
I imagine it is if those were not there
sparks would be more or less the same
takes advantage there would not be so much clear to what
better This one that is so close is to the
better not been, maybe it is here
But well, what I want to say to the
people who
You have to understand very well this you have
that you understand this very well because when
we have been reviewing and soaking up the
topic that we are going to show you
continued as we go
counting or you are going to give an account of it
main problem and why it is happening
asking for this the investigation that now
We are going to do it chronologically.
movements of them the things that are
You can test the positions that
can be tested are based on these
They are called Trium repeaters
Okay
what is happening because look for
example the little square this already satisfied
Let's keep going, you'll realize more
Okay, what's the problem here?
Janet's is worth showing it to you here.
In the photograph here we have Jane's
here behind these buildings
find the little square where they stopped
that was here okay And when they are
in the little square
The antenna that detects you is Jane Avenue
what is the problem we are facing
Here man because you have here
Llanes Avenue and when the company of
phone is telling you that you are
On Llanes Avenue you may be in
Llanes Avenue that you are in Begoña that
You are on Miraflores Avenue
little piece that you are here in wisdom
Mara, you are here in the hall then
what is being asked what is being asked
asking is, that is, look at the margin
by mistake this antenna of Jane asks you
Here is a circle that you are now going to see
also other conflicts that there are with the
Miguel Carcaño neighborhood and others no but
Of course, when Jane calls you, you stand here.
in the little square or it can be here for you
by Miraflores or it could be here
what is being asked for
It shows you the route more exactly
which they did all day and all night
I mean, look, it was this way afterwards.
He headed here then got into
This street then stopped here to buy
tobacco then came back then
came back here have a beer here or
with a margin of error of eight
meters
I think it is a very serious mistake that
This was not requested on the same day
Why don't you order Trium on the same day?
Well, it is not the research that
requests telephone expert reports and
There are many things missing from those expert reports
no, I mean it's that but not only that
Many things are missing from many others No
What happens is that, of course, right now
What is being asked for this? Well,
we see the errors in this if tomorrow
if we asked for something else we could
errors at another point in the
research no
Let me explain one thing to people
and it is logical that people think so
so because it should It should be like this no
but the people who haven't been there
involved in any kind of trials and
Luckily no legal problems
nor to report anyone or anything
because he has the false idea that the
judges who With all due respect
They are legal professionals but
They have the false idea that judges
They are professionals in all subjects
in electronics in social networks in
media in
science in everything and that is not so worth it
judge if you ask him the judge will give it to you
ask but of course you have to
You request here an error that I see
with all due respect to the world
It would obviously be from the
ignorance also and so on is that
Marta del Castillo's defense in that
moment went hand in hand with the prosecution
also a little and there is a good lawyer
These are sharks who know it
I would have asked you all of them
It's my opinion
that in 2009 as you have said no no no
had those who did not have the same
technology that exists today that
they did not have the same ones either
knowledge then so that in the
same summary in the same in the same
sentence comes a conversation of
Messenger and you put extracted from the program
Tuenti computer so you can see the
ignorance that they had something
It is also as we have said before that
the investigation was a botched job, you see.
for example the research of
Charlotte López the girl behind Pinedo
which is also an investigation
which is the one in charge of the issue of
telephones and how many months have passed?
trying to extract the most data
minimal connections with routers
connections to lots of things because
They are specialized in that and because the
the same researchers are
pouring into searching for that information in the
Marta de Castillo's case was not like that
has requested the telephone listing from
Vodafone Movistar to whoever it was and with
They turned and that's what we have.
you understand or not but I don't know it wasn't done
thorough investigation of these terminals
they should have been dismantled
terminals should have been removed
the chips that I say exhaust until the
last position
and Eva have to know the subject, don't you?
you know that has but but it's supposed to
some researchers who are all the
days with this should have been there
known Hey look what with the cell phones
We can get more information but not the
own police not the police itself by
example
a department for example the guard
civil has it that is called cat and the
who is in charge of this issue of the
mobile telephony so that people
understand the information you have
mobile phones are what you are seeing in
screen worth phone number of
origin imei origin phone
destination date and time This that says
direction would be the alter ok
basically clear here you see Avenue
Janet but the problem arises that
I'm telling you we know where they are
basically
Of course, basically, going on to see
based on testimonies in photos in
this and that but if we were
that guide by this here it says Avenue
Jane and what I told you Jane Avenue
It could be Janet de Santa María Avenue
gives us Miraflores Avenue
Let people see this screen. Look.
This is when it says Caspian Sea means
who is in León 13 in his house is worth it
Well, look at a very curious detail.
Look, Javi the mouse pointed out at 4:52
Okay
There are 4 and 52 18 seconds this call from
Saint Michael the Heel is worth his brother
Look where you will place it, right?
4:53 a minute later looking places it
Okay, and now look at the four and
fifty-seven
be back there clearly or that it has been
moved or that the antenna was saturated and
has changed and has taken the antenna from the
Red Cross Street
Red Cross is very close to fact today
teaching one of the routes that
Let's see about the booths
that there is also an attempt at deception there
not on the part of those involved in the Cross
Red is stuck
to the neighborhood of Rocío to Barzola and
all this then may be that in a
moment with the bike go and go a
cashier may be that at a time with
the motorcycle was completed with the Cross
Red the same mobile skips an antenna
and another one leaves due to saturation Although
4 in the morning is not very logical that
there is saturation But oh well
In fact, we then have on the subject of the
sentence we have a
conflict a conflict with two antennas
Can you explain to us what you mean by
that an antenna becomes saturated and you
jump to another Yes of course when you use the
mobile phone and you have an antenna
dying starts an antenna for
make a call or send an SMS that
It was what was used at that time
because there was data in 2009 No
if that antenna at that moment is
Receiving a lot of traffic means
There are many terminals connected in that
moment to that antenna the antenna what
does is send or is your phone
automatically connects to the most
close after that one that is not
saturated not that is, to avoid
that what happens to us in the new year when
We took grandma to 12:05 to
tell him to say fair new year and you can't
contact Because it gives you communicating
because there is no line it is because they are
saturated antennas do not And why not
only the one you have is saturated
side of your house but are saturated
all the ones you have within the radius of
action of your mobile phone no Then
if only the one that was saturated
you have at home would probably jump the
next and could make the call
with complete normality No that is more or
less what happens keeps happening
In the end, the technology is still perfect
perfect we are further along but still
perfect perfect no good let's go
As I was telling you, we are going to go
watching chrono what seems to have happened that
late the movements that they made
that you can prove what they are
irrefutable, we will then debate them
different versions the contradictions
within them what they considered valid
and what is not worth it I think we should
start by mentioning guys that Marta del
Castillo first had some plans that
were to meet some friends, okay to go
to the bowling alley where he gets stuck in
We have these plans, the cuckoo
messages on Messenger, take a look at it
Messenger not from the time when
She meets at six with the person who calls her.
goalkeeper no and at six thirty they leave
to dinner zero that good This is a bar of
there from the well-known neighborhood to stay
with others
It seems that it is in the plans
Miguel Carcaño did not triumph, yes. Well, she did.
speak because what is known is that already
She talks to a friend and tells her that she is going to
Miguel arrives, Miguel is downstairs
waiting for her to fix some
things with him and that he is going to come down to talk
with him he doesn't tell the mother that he has
to fix some things with Miguel and
then go down because Miguel is
waiting for her there next to the
glassware the glassware I think it is
Dina calls no
very good I recommend it as you go out
From Marta de Castillo's house you tour
the left and you have the glassware there
And well, Marta goes down to meet
with Miguel Calcaño in that area that
made when they are already low
approximately five thirty more or less
less he crosses paths with his father with Antonio
del Castillo who comes from a
supermarket and well Antonio when he sees
Miguel Carcaño is frightening not because of him
the fact that it is Miguel Calcanya but because
the fact that he doesn't want his daughter
go on a motorcycle with him no. Or he says one
very small motorcycle to be giving
turns then he says to him Hey where
you go and such and car says to Antonio and says no
Don't worry, I'm just passing by or
whether I'm not going or I'm going or not and
She Marta does tell the father that she has
intention of going to Triana to the Christ of
the three falls are not the thing that is good
Marta takes the motorcycle and leaves with Miguel
heel and go to a very nearby street
whose name is Nicasio Gallego and there he goes to
Exactly the worker is going to give him some homework
some notes to one of her friends from the
institute Well because well there was
stayed with her and gave her her homework. And in
this in this case of time in which
She is going to take these notes to her
friend the cuckoo arrives at Marta's house
Castle there on Antonio street calls
to the goalkeeper at about six minutes to six
approximately a quarter and the one who attends
Antonio del Castillo seems to me and tells him
It's good that you went out with Miguel and
Well, we had agreed that he was going to
meet her because he was going this afternoon
with her not at 6:53 and now yes we
Let's go to the call because now yes
we started talking about positioning or
From what is known we start
Cuco makes a call from the little square
We imagine that to say Hey that Marta
and I am here and such apparently
meet with more people in that don't you
It is necessary that good if you can put it
We don't even have Here we go
Yes at 5:53 Miguel Calcaño asks him one
call to Marta from the little square to Marta
no forgiveness to Cuco And well we assume now
what was said is to tell you why
The little square is here and you arrive
not there, in fact
When we talk about Placita we are
talking about the place where they
Normally all the people met
thrown the place where they stop not that it
we called not where they were staying
They stopped here in the little square and when
we talk about family squares
the phones position it as
we have said before
to the Cuckoo to tell him that they are in
the little square does not know that they are there
until approximately 7:15 and
It is known why there are calls from Marta
until 7 If you want you can put the
Marta's telephone link, we'll get started.
here that you had the Listín de
Marta yes Marta's Listín
This so that they don't know one
transcription of the blackboards of the
research is worth research
that the police have had hanging well
Behold
If you look closely, we are going to Avenida del
Llanes who is above does not forgive
sorry let me clarify that let me clarify that
clarify that what you are seeing here
right now on screen are let's say that
is the What would this be called the record
not the record that the company provides to
the research is worth the registration for
the antennas as we have explained
previously And what you are seeing
Here is what tribe has passed it clean
this is
The board that the research well no
all had seven parts of the slates
that the investigation had hanging on his
office of the police station where
were devoting themselves to the Mars case
the originals are fine, I want them to stay
Of course, because now we are going to comment on one
little thing, these are the blackboards, that is
what you are seeing now in this
a clean sketch is fine
These are the original blackboards that
You are seeing the original blackboards
with which the research was carried out
Okay
who came out in public employment as
you have seen So everything that is
written there the police wrote it in their
moment
to the registry No yes to the registry we go to the
record
Well look at the record we have that
until 7:21 you can see it there
Marta is positioned on Yáñez Avenue
That means they are in the little square
until approximately 7:21 it is worth it
Here you will see a lot of calls to
Marta 2 seconds one second two
seconds and they are already placed in pages of the circle
That's Adriana's direction, we
speculating because in the end These are
speculations do not say one good That
two-second call of one second
Here in the coeno two seconds says something
Well we understand that that is what jumps
answering machine and the other person who is
calling because it automatically hangs up no
not to spend money I imagine
because at that time it is not like it has been
we have a treaty
It's not like now that we all have
flat rates we don't know that Marta
arrives in Triana and finds the
Christ Church is closed
Then she takes a friend who is
studying for embroiderers this that
Holy Week they address the robes and well
The kid is going to dedicate himself to that.
an embroidery workshop apparently
something belongs to the church and such
So I'm left with him, don't call him.
He sends you two SMS which are the two SMS that
We have here at 7:52 and at 7:52
7:53 Marta Al sends us those 12 months
this friend with whom she meets
This friend who later sees him on the bridge
from Triana next to the Triana bridge that
He is a friend who gives a very big surprise
big during the trial because he says that
The person Marta is accompanying is not
Miguel Calcano but the cuckoo
This has brought about a great controversy
I made a video last week
thinking that Miguel Calcano had done it
I left the motorcycle to Cuco and such around
blackboards and now we're going to go to that now
when we see one more thing here
because here we are going to say one thing
which we find super interesting about the
research good good Marta is in
peace of the circle until 8:53 and then
We go back to see what the route does
On the contrary, I suppose that it is also seen
perfect eh Because yes more or less the
that those of you who know Seville can see the
perfect route because the times
They are what we have been these days
checking how long it takes on a motorcycle
doing these tours is worth it, I mean
that there are many things there is a lot of part of
research we have been doing
checking and doing other days that don't
It will be seen but we have done it
to make sure As for example
check the times do not match AND
It is that here it is perfectly seen that she was
and it came back okay And it's also in the area
Llanes Avenue goes to Triana and also
If you notice, Calle Castilla is
the antenna that catches you on the way now
arriving in Triana near the east bridge
of the awnings and then where more time
It stops at the antenna on Pajes del Street
I run to where he is sending the messages
wait for friends and then turn back
and when he sees it he goes back to Calle
Castilla, here it is true that
there are a couple of minutes why Because the
They are calling more times, you can catch him
a traffic light whatever stops more
there but don't come back there again if
You see, it leaves Jane Avenue and passes through the
Castilla antenna remains stopped more
time that is where I would stay with the
kids in pages of the circle with Him
this kid then
I guess so
clear clear is the one that lasts the longest
but does not return to the become Janet
There we go, that's the point, there's a key point.
because Javi says he won't come back to the avenue
Allen well the investigation gave for
One thing is valid and that is what he said we know
that Marta is alive until 8:05
because there is an SMS that she sends From
Llanes Avenue we go to the blackboards
to the blackboard that in fact on the blackboard
from the research
Of course the board is clear too
you see that Marta is still alive what is
Nacho Abad is saying that she is still alive
eight and five Because he sends that SMS And
If we go to the telephone directory of
Marta, can you put it?
There is no SMS from Janet Avenue
Marta has Plaza Castilla or Street
Castile and then directly to the
3-second call on Calle Mar
Caspian which would be Leo 13 then
from the gravity of fact to see
basically the research that seems
an insignificant thing because in the end
the outcome but of course It is that here you
is giving an official hour of life to
death based on the fact that this girl at
8 and 5 also send a message to her friend
Cristina, who even gives you the name
on Llanes Avenue, that is, in the area
It's like he's back and we even
we had speculating that of course he didn't
No, I made a video with that, so there is a
Of course video because I base myself on the
research I didn't watch that documentary
where was the Listín Then I stopped
I returned to Llanes because
We have in the research that says that
go back to Janet Avenue of course
It seems that he returns to the little square and that's it
then maybe Cuco will return it
motorcycle or whatever and then with Miguel he goes
to the house but no it's not that she
Triana no longer returns to Jane Avenue
She doesn't come back to the little square, this is in the
research in research
They have it like she was before Leo 13
returns to the little square but it is not
come back he's nowhere to be found
and marks all the months or so
so there is a mistake here
in the investigation
that we have considered
the truth is important
It's there at eight five for that month
Let's start with it now because well
removing that error is the only one there is
the hour of hours no good let's go now
up here as I said the
investigation said that Marta del
I was at Castillo at 8:05 by SMS
that she sent to her friend From the
Janet Avenue, the Cristina Bueno family
in the telephone instinct at least
that we have we say that we
we base what we have here on the data
that we have picked up through others
programs I don't know if there is another Listín
telephone number in which it could appear
that SMS that we have
ignorance of the fact that this must be done
say it no I'm not going to say that later
appear somewhere and say no, look
that this cms appears here because
Marta has had another phone for
example no that I don't know but well I
I don't know, I just say because
they have cut for that to put us
In the documentary we cannot say anything about
close in the Listín it is not here it is
For us it is a failure because it has
everything but good
then the investigation understood that
Marta was going at 8:05 also
You have to focus on one thing always
when we see this type of graphics you will
Let's see if you have an s or an e
This means that the call is
protruding that is performed by the person or
incoming that receives it therefore
It is clear that this SMS was sent by Marta.
because it is encouraged, okay? Well, no, it is not.
send at least in that we have not
We have but let's go at 8:28 no more
we put in hours that interest us
quite take into account what happens to the
8 and 28 at 8:28 is the time that the
fixed research as the time of the
Marta's death, why is it fixed until now?
like the hour of Mars' death well
Because Cristina her friend Cristina that her
you have here
between 8:05 and 8:15
approximately makes Marta
seventeen calls okay no me
you ask Why not no no I'm not going to put
We have tried to contact and search for
Cristina to explain it to us but
but but we have not given it not in theory
I have heard her speak to her and she says
that he was calling her to ask her
if you could go to his house to sleep that night
No, the truth is that he makes many calls.
throughout the entire afternoon all those
calls you have seen downloaded
from the answering machine are
Cristina, no, the thing was a little girl.
Well, between 8 and 5 and
Eight fifteen Cristina makes the 17th
calls to Marta del Castillo 17
calls that Marta does not answer in fact
Note that not even the answering machine comes on.
because they are not there, that is, there they are
from one second two seconds and those 17 are not
are listed in that Listín
except for the one at eight twenty-eight
what happens at eight twenty-eight according to
Cristina tells the police: Hey, then.
Look, she doesn't say at 8:28 and she says
between eight and twenty at 8:30
approximately then he realizes the
police when he goes to the telephone book
not the last of the 17 calls
last thing he does before he
eight she says she picks up on me
phone, that is, the counter does not come out but
I notice that they pick up the phone
Someone pick up the phone for me
hangs up and automatically after
hang up that phone the phone stays
off out of coverage Don't let that happen
at 8:28 What researchers do
Well, for the researchers they are going to
Miguel Calcano and they say Hey Miguel
We have a call at 8:28 that
Cristina tells us this and Miguel says
Yes That call I this Marta Already dead
Marta is on the ground dead I hear
the call took the phone out of his hand
pants to Marta I hang you I hang you and
I turn off the phone and put it back in.
in the pants, that is, Miguel recognizes
that in this call is when Marta
dies because he disconnects the phone
He turns it off and puts it in his pants
those three seconds
It could perfectly be an answer
also that when you press the button
what is shown is not And if you put yourself in the
mobiles from the tapita era have
sense because of course if you turn off a
your cell phone that hangs up is the call
and then I turned it off but the mobiles of
Captain when opening it to press the button
to turn off there after the call
Then it would come down, let's say, without
want and then I would hang up and turn off the
mobile Exactly Well then Miguel tells us
gives the time of death between Miguel
heel the friend and this call Well the
researchers take out and I think that
rightly so that Martha dies at
8:28 PM That's the official time
of the death of good official Bueno
but what happens at 8:28 What happens if
Marta dies at 8:28 Because here it is
where the real problems begin
and the true contradictions that we
we find in this in this
Well then, the following
We're going to Miguel Carcaño's brother's
Francisco Javier
and here we have a problem which is the
problem Well then that the brother of
Miguel Carcaño at 8:26 remember that
Marta dies at 8:28 I'm going to put it here
so that no one forgets
at eight twenty-six the brother
He receives a touch from his girlfriend that he doesn't
pick up a ring Because surely the
phone and does not pick it up for h or B
He doesn't pick up that call because he can't
I would be doing something I don't know two
minutes before Marta's death
At eight thirty the brother of the
heel two minutes after dying
Marta two minutes
Marta is already dead according to Miguel
heel and according to the call at 8:30
makes a call from León 13 from his
house from where Marta is dead
because Martha is dead Leo 13 to her
girlfriend who is in the library and lasts
206 seconds I don't know until talking to
she three minutes and something at 8:34
Francisco Javier makes another call
From León 13 let us remember that where it is
Marta died at 8:28 of 5 seconds
Mendaro also dawned
to the library and at 8:41 when
take you to the 14th 15 minutes dead already in
León 13 makes another 123 call
seconds two minutes three minutes Not two
minutes and two seconds to García Mendoza
again from Leon 3 this that we
means
I am not saying that Francisco Javier
I was there when Marta died, but I was.
I say that according to the police the terminal
Francisco Javier's telephone call
I was making calls from the same
place where the body was found
Marta del Castillo, or so they say.
research data
At 8:20, 8:34, and 8:41 we went to see
if there was any failure and the holistin
They pray exactly these hours and those
positioning So this is
totally correct So Martha dies
at 8:28
the lion 13 because we know that he dies
León Trece for its positioning that the
León mark 13 and at eight thirty eight
and thirty-four and eight forty-one
from the same address Francisco
Javier or Francisco Javier's terminal
makes calls to his girlfriend who is in
thelibrary
But this is not what it is This is not what it is
You say triumph, this is that the police
own police says and this is the
sentences I quote
that therefore after explaining that he has
paid the phone so that its
Brother Francisco Javier was
in the house when the eight
happened This is what it says
police
that the police the police do a
parentheses here because this is copied
from the blackboard and he puts it very clearly
This is actually put by the police
I'm going to get ahead of myself at the time of the
a sentence that we will later go into well
the trial and the sentence are worth it but now
that you have mentioned it I have it here
hand and we can put it here
we have Rafa
Look here we have the sentence of the
older the tendency of older people to
says that Francisco Javier Delgado is not
the minor one
What I mean in this tells you that
he leaves and then the time of death is
I suppose it's after that when he leaves
look
in the seventh statement he makes
Miguel before the police he says that the
call that Marta hangs up on her because she is
Surely it's after 8:30
because his brother was no longer at home
but
the time on the record does not lie
It's at 8:28 no matter what Miguel says
what is next and what is he saying
Here is that in the sentence of
older says it is after 8:20
8:40 when the attack occurs
the murder and even after the link
disappear every time but the minors
not the one for minors says something else
time and others involved even This
It is the oldest one, worth Doña Marta and Don
Miguel to the aforementioned address and in the
Don Francisco Javier was there himself
Delgado who was absent around
8:40 p.m. once alone in the house
from León Street 13 Marta and Miguel by
reasons for the romantic relationship that
maintained in their day began to
argue at Miguel's home
It is the official sentence of the elders and
then there is the sentencing of minors
what is
this is what you are seeing on the screen and you
says the following are proven facts
that once they arrived at the aforementioned
address of the accused minor and this
second adult entered
in the same one whose interior was
the adult who had given
death of Marta as well as a brother of
this
and Marta's lifeless body
in fact
We'll get into that in a bit.
Why before continuing with the blackboard
I want to make one thing very clear about Trium.
very simple that everyone goes to
understand why there are two sentences
different, well, the different thing is
peculiar that is one thing that should not
be but well there are different ones no
They should be no. Of course because
It is taken as a proven fact that Mars
Miguel Cacaño establishes a discussion
for sentimental reasons because it has
said Miguel I
tested exact and that
that Marta wants to get back with him, that is, it is
which is tremendous and puts it as a fact
proven by romantic relationships yes
He told him, so he is the accused
If you notice, the sentence is based on
what the defendants say
and therefore two sentences is very
simple family The case is the same
preliminary proceedings are
the same thing what happens is that once
considered that a has to be opened
order to set a date for the trial Having
involving a minor cannot be judged in
the same judgment as the elders Then
a trial is held for the minor where
everyone else declares and the conversation is over
same case what happens is that of course the
difference is that in the of in the of
the trial of the minor
the others are witnesses
Then something occurs to me
happening but here is a caveat AND
is that I still did not know that it was done
judgment of the elders clear judgment of
minors is done first and that is why
fact if you look here it never says
says no put Miguel puts the oldest of
age that kills Marta
Yeah
false testimony because they are
defending in the other clearing
They can't like you because what
They say in that trial it will depend
then in the trial that will take place
to pass on to them that it is the oldest
which is then clear something else already
final sentence and such And they are already lying
as a witness but in this case
There logically is, I think that there is that
legal loophole they are protected Not that one that is not
They have stopped Cuco because he already had it
that we are not moving forward But oh well
because I was judged I believe that in
This case would stop another one by chance
the fact that this would have to be discussed
we asked her
because of course, as it is valid, there are three
Boys But the trial has not yet taken place
of the older ones it is worth it but it is because of that
rule of three the cuckoo could also
lie because the sentence was not final
I don't know, I leave it out of ignorance
There on the table La Movida there are two
sentences
two different judicial truths
We follow The Big Move It is that at
eight twenty-eight what brand is dead
There is a third-party terminal there
person who is in the same place as
Marta is dead at least according to the
police then the investigation
police okay, we'll have that clear later
Yes, then Francisco's phone number
Javier Well at 9 and a minute ago one
12-second call to his ex-wife
Rosa and is called because it already places it in
the Carmona highway according to him Comment
Well, probably because I was waiting
the 2 bus I think it is the
which then takes him to Tarsis Street which
It's where his wife lived, I haven't.
checked And the two does pass through the
Carmona highway
many times there is the typical
Exactly. Well then we go to Cuco.
Okay, let's do the tour first.
I'm going to get into this one, let's get into the rest of it.
characters Okay We're going to where we're going
to go to the Cuckoo and the cuckoo does a very thing
Curious the cuckoo now 753 as we have
said receives the call from
Miguel Calcano to the little square the question
It's what puts the conversation in red for us here.
I imagine it's because of the positioning of
he
They are all starters, okay, because Cuco doesn't
You have a balance, Cuco is here, that's not what you have.
something then the call is incoming
then he receives a call at 6:6 and
Cristina's 6:38 at the same friend's
who has been calling all the time
late to Marta del Castillo at this time
I am in the little square, we know it because
Marta is positioned in the square and
Then we have three calls here 721 729
735 that I really don't know where they are
because here the board doesn't say anything, okay?
puts this going up to 8 So
I don't really know where they put it, okay? No
I can sign, we don't have the cube either.
neither
We have Samuel's, Martha's,
Francisco Javier forward and back
of the cuckoo what we have what they put in
the blackboard well and now we go to the
First important fact, I think, about the cuckoo
because there are things in blue and things in red
Well the research that he did put in
blue
in the investigated part in which the
Marta's hour placed her as alive and in
red from the moment Marta dies is worth
That's why we have one part in blue and another
part in red What's happening at 9:12 Okay,
9:12 the cuckoo sends a text message to Marta
At that time there was something I don't know if
You will know him well that I am more or less
surely not and now that when a
person ran out of balance could
send an SMS through a code
I think I put in 12 or 21
I don't remember I put it in and then the
phone number that you wanted
an SMS arrived telling him to call me
I don't have any balance. Then he calls.
Send a text message that I have no balance Marta to
9:12 and Marta's phone
It really remains of course that 9:12
receive that SMS from the cuckoo therefore
We know that Cuco sends a text message at 12 o'clock
9:12 to Marta del Castillo telling her
Call Carlos logically SMS good
that Marta never answers again
because Marta is now already was
deceased no and now we go to point two
of the cuckoo which is also super important
and we go to the telephone booth
the Placita or the Carmona highway
Let us remember that the cucua is now going
direction to
León 13 where all the
percale as he says that if you want it
You can listen then we put the
statement if you want
and well he goes to a telephone booth that
It is located on Alllanes Avenue in
the little square next to the road
at nine twenty-four And to whom
make this call Well then this
9:24 call and we're going to put it in now
another character within this one
In this puzzle the cuckoo makes a call
from the cabin to your friend or cousin
Samuel is here at 9:24 we do in
the cabin is not exact and let's go to Samuel
Samuel is a cousin and also works at the bar.
of Cuco's mother and is a close friend of
Miguel Carcaño and others no Then at the
9:24 Call Samuel from the booth and
A very curious thing happens here and it is that
[Music]
of the night and the girl does not arrive
logically How all these cases happen
friends are starting to call this
and another and there is a call that is the house
Martha's mother's new performance to Samuel
at 11:34 That call is super
important and it is super important For that reason
next you go home new call are
11 and 34 to Samuel that he is placed in
Montequinto Vale up to here everything
correct and this call There are annual cows
He says, "Hey Samuel, do you know anything about Marta?"
who went out with Miguel and Samuel tells him I
I have spoken with Miguel and he told me that
He left Marta at the glass shop
where always at 12
Then Eva says Ah that she has left the
12 and Antonio who is listening to the
conversation says how he is going to leave her
12 If it is 11:34 That is, at 12 it is
It's impossible that he left it there
glassware But well what is more
curious that the fact that the work does not
agree with the fact that he says he
I talked to Samuel and he said sorry.
at what time
You talk to Samuel if you Here you say that
you have spoken to Cuco
at what moment Samuel
At what point does Samuel tell you before
11:34 Hey what?
Marta left it in the glass shop if you have
spoken with Cuco does not speak with Samuel who
in fact it is what you recognize that you have
spoken with Cuco Bueno then
There we have it. There is no call.
between Samuel and Miguel, that is, Samuel
Samuel confirms to his mother
Marta to Eva new house that has been
talking to Miguel and that Miguel
He had said that he had left her at 12
and it's not even 12 and there's no talk with Miguel
call between Miguel and Samuel
all afternoon all evening
Ok, let's stop for a moment in addition to the
cabin if you think it's Triumph, okay
just behind this tree that
It's not there right now, it was removed a while ago
weeks the cabin was located to which
supposedly Miguel the cuckoo came or the
two to call Samuel on the phone no
there is no sense There is no logic
and no reason why you from León 13
come here to call on the phone what
Yes, it is fitting that they came here to
pretend they came from the Placita here
at the end of the street ends with the
little square where Marta del Castillo and her
friends were there every afternoon
tremendous no I mean we are going to talk to a
telephone booth that is a
kilometer
about Marta's location if I don't
I'm wrong, this sight here is the cabin
This is the phone booth
phone no that they also removed it a while ago
very recently I
until before I moved recently
I went down when I finished the live shows with
You guys here are 24 hours right now
that some vague and some make you
sandwiches and so on and when I finished
live with you at 4 o'clock
tomorrow would solve a lot for me because
I was going down and eating something before
continue working and this cabin as
You see that this image is also from 2022
Until recently I don't know if it has
something to see but until recently it was
Here is this pedestrian street that you
You see it ends in the little square that you see so much
We mentioned that it is where they stopped and
In addition, there is talk of a kilometer from León
13 There is no logical reason
that is not to look for an alibi so that
you with all the booths there are
phone on the way you go to a
one kilometer cabin where it is also
to the side where you meet or whatever
They did this to mislead and to give
understand that the cuckoo or one of them
I was in the square but no longer, no longer because
the way but practically in the
door on the same street as León Trece
there is further ahead, more advanced of course
There you have the portal of León 1378 where
Miguel Carcaño and his brother lived there
a 30-second walk from here in this area
There was a telephone booth in that
time
white and in a bottle No, gentlemen, it's that
we have to think that when a
person is going to make a call by
telephone to a booth independently
Whatever it is, there is already one there, you know.
They are coordinating there and it has already started
Let's agree and more one
person who all he does is SMS
Take me because I have no balance or receive
calls because why he didn't send him
To Samuel why don't you send him one?
of those SMS telling you to call him once
It must be said here that he denies
This call was in the trial, he says.
that call is a lie that I never
has received
that he doesn't call him from the new house
But well, I refer to the evidence.
on a telephone line this cannot be the case
called in court before the judge
says it's a lie and that this call
has never received it and it really sticks
one minute and 24 seconds talking with
Eva new house that is the person who
call we are not going to continue forward a
moment a moment before following him
says to Samuel says to Eve at 12 That
It's the only time, those 12 are the only time
that is said because in the statements
and while Miguel is still denying
your participation is what it says is that
They leave the glass shop at nine and
average in what he says in all the
statements So there Samuel or
he makes a mistake or they had agreed on a time
and then they change it for whatever
you who have worked on that because it has
I put someone in the chat and I get
just lit up something not in the cabin
you can also extract data
You can know the time who calls you
call That is, they did not remove what they could
take out of the booth Where the call goes
we have it reflected because
his call is not known, that is to say it is
knows perfectly well that he receives a
call from a specific phone number and
That phone corresponds to the phone booth
the Carmona road no more data no
There is more to be gained from this of course and
logically
What I was thinking is that precisely
There are now two or three ATMs there.
opposite but at that time there was some
There are security cameras around the corner
on that street
or there are security cameras on that street
both of the supermarket's surely
that is in front of you and surely of the
businesses that are around and
surely from the savings banks that
there was around I would say that yes
they would have scratched there
cameras eh To see who's calling
Well let's do one thing let's do it
finish the Samuel topic now and we're going to
go back do you remember this call of
9:24 Well, what happens at 9:24
9:24 Well, another very curious fact happens.
and now you are going to see why Here the
investigation for something called
hours without positioning this what you want
say now in which the phones neither
They don't receive or send calls or anything.
researchers from the uco who were in charge of
This ensures or thinks that they turn off the
phones are worth it because they are receiving
many calls and it just so happens that
9:24 Exactly at the same time as
calls Samuel from the booth
the three phones Miguel's and
Samuel and Cuco because Francisco's
Javier does it a little earlier.
alanude at nine and one stop
positioning through phones no
can you know where these are
people from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m.
Let's say they turn off their phones or the
research understands that they turn off the
phones can't be said like that because
At that time I couldn't know if the
phone was off or was
I just hadn't received any
called during those two hours almost
because two hours and a bit since nine
and twenty-four until 10:50 until
11:34 and until 11:26 These
phones do not receive calls or
positioning like this surely
It would be too much of a coincidence that in that
the same time zone in those two
hours exactly equal almost to the minute
It turns out that the four involved are not
They don't receive a call or a message
man evidently to those who do not
we suck our finger and there they are to turn off the
phone
because taking into account that there the
family is already calling friends already
He's asking for Marta. So it was
It was a matter of time before he was called to
her to ask
when things were already getting to
from 10 pm and are
Until 10:50 they position Miguel
Carcaño in Camas at 11:34
They position Samuel in Montequinto and that
Here there is a so-called food of
heel and then at 11:26 and one
Call at 11:26 on Avenue
Andalusia cubed, which is when it is with
the bottle is that he says it is that
There is a friend who places it at that time and
maybe not Well, until that time the
phones all four appear as the
Research says they are off no
but well let's say we say for
do not pick up fingers that are without
position ourselves
Okay, yes, we continue a little further.
forward and now we are going to put more
people inside all this of all this
puzzle Let's go at 11:34 the call
of the new house he made for Samuel and
Samuel tells him no Miguel has left
Marten
in the glassware where he always leaves it
So it's good that he left it at 12 of course
Antonio del Castillo says at 12 and no
It's still 12 o'clock. Good when he hangs up.
Eva tells Antonio: Hey, did you arrive in León?
13 because this makes me feel very bad
thorns you arrived at Miguel's house and
at Miguel's house Well let's see if he is there
There Miguel, let's see what's there, no, because
This gives me a bad feeling, of course.
Then Antonio de Castillo tells him a
very logical thing for what I am going to find in
13 if Miguel no longer lives there Miguel lives
in Camas with his girlfriend who has
and Eva insists beforehand and says to go there
In short, Antonio del Castillo takes his
car and goes to León Trece knows the
site Why do you know the site because
when they changed the armchairs in their house
Marta told him, hey dad, why don't you
you give away these that you are going to throw away
You give it to Miguel who has more money
and such and in the same van he took them
He didn't give Miguel Carcaño the sofas.
the armchairs in fact the armchairs that
There were in Miguel Cacaño's house, they were
Marta de Castillo well or had been
Marta de Castillo we return the same
Antonio del Castillo arrives at
Leo 13 and Lion Thirteen then performs a
series of things Look out the window that
says that Miguel Carcaño's window
living room window knocks No one is there
Look through the holes there is no light
let's let's see what happens
Here we have a third person who is
called María García Mendaro who is the
Francisco Javier's girlfriend who at
ten good speaking we have seen all the
calls you make with Francisco
Javier Well at 11:30 he takes to
Francisco Javier to the bar where
He works and then he asks for the keys
from his home to go study in León
Thirteen because it was already preparing
some oppositions tells him Hey I ask for the
house key such he says to him Hey according to
their testimonies already There is my
brother who has arrived with Marta says yes
Your brother is here, I'm not going, he says no, my
sister told me she was going to leave soon
What they say does not fully explain the issue.
She says that León Trece is coming in
I'm around 12:15, 12:20, that's what it says.
in the trial because he had previously said
that arrived at 12 but well between the
two fifteen 12:20 García Mendaro says
that she arrives at León 13 enters the
living room is set with a bag of
candy and starts eating them
candy and study with a Red Bull
Of course, what's happening? Well, at 12:50 the
Marta del Castillo's father calls the
window of the Savior to the window of the
living room is attached to the armchair if it is
sitting in the armchair you have to listen
the window for eggs you have no other
because it is stuck together small
Well, we can say, well, Antonio.
de Castillo is wrong at 12:50 and
then he arrived at 11:38 because the
34 Maybe he arrives at 20 to 11
But one thing happens and that is that
Antonio del Castillo when he arrives in León
Thirteen doesn't remember exactly what it is
Miguel Carcaño's window and what it does
who calls Eve his wife's new house
12:50 from León 13 Therefore
we position Antonio del Castillo León
13 with this call and the call The
performs to ask the window of
Miguel What is it therefore we know that
Antonio del Castillo at 12:50
approximately is when called
living room window at 13 León Street
where inside video inside video we have
Dale video we meet at León 13 78
This is the address where Marta
disappeared in January 2009
2009 January 24 Although the building
the entrance is on that side
really the windows of the home of
Miguel Carcaño is what we have here.
usually when he arrived with his
I left the moped in this area because
I guess to keep it under control.
from that window this is where
Antonio del Castillo at 12:50 calls
the blinds and sees that there is no one there and
besides calling was at 2:50
Marta's friends stop by at 4 o'clock
2:15 and they also raise said blinds
and they also corroborate that within that
housing there is no one Now we are going to
go to the booth where you are supposed to
approximately 9:14 Cuco or Miguel
Samuel was called to Montequinto
Well, we have already put it before.
from before Sorry to interrupt you
Trium but it just arrived to me
earpiece that justice for Marta is here
is currently trending
Twitter topic number five family
we need it to be
number one Thank you all very much
We still have a lot of direct left to go
In addition, I ask you please to
Be very attentive to all the details
what are we going to tell you
everything you want to capture
clips whatever from the live take it
but comment with the hashtag that is
Here below is justice for Marta
Okay, forgive me, triumphs continue.
Well then we know that Antonio del
Castillo arrives in León 13 calls the
window plus a phone call
that places it there calls the window and
Antonio del Castillo assures that there is no
there is absolutely no one more
police make it very clear and says to
It's León 13 at 12 and look what it says
not here, that is, the police are very clear
that Garcia at 12 the lion 13 is not there
for the police then what the police say
investigation
but there is more as I said in the
video And at 2:15 there are two
Marta's friends who are Gaby I think
They are here, Gaby Carliche puts it
At a quarter past two they also approach
Leon Trece here Garcia bandaged a while ago
thing and it is that at two zero one that it
you have here
make an outgoing call this means
say that she does it and it is done
He makes it to Francisco Javier to tell him
Hey, according to what she says, no, Hey, I have
I dream that I'm going to bed since I'm leaving
to bed and goes to bed at 2:1
I repeat again According to what she says
placing it is that this call is
curious and here we can introduce the topic
of the antennas because it no longer places them
Leo 13 but places her as a doctor
service doctor antenna that is close to
León 13 but it is right next to the
Macarena Hospital just in front
in front of the Macarena hospital I think
They had the antennas not because the
sentence and here I can talk Rafa about
what the sentence says about this
to this problem that remains very
Of course, this is worth it.
These are No Rafa the two captures that
have
but I had a screenshot of the piece of
having a capture of the piece of the
sentence also
in which I told you directly if you go up
You might even find it there, okay?
Look, we have it. Well, there I am too.
okay what's up with this call that is
also called enemy family here
What's wrong with you is that the sentence of the
older people
at the time I imagine it will be in the
argument to acquit María García
Mendoza argues that the antenna of
Pio brand and Doctor Service brand is
the same distance and also tells you the
distance and tells you 600 meters Yes it is
in fact the police and put it well
writes in big letters on the board does not write no
because the call of the waves places you in
another place then the Argentine police
It is clear that it is not there and here it is
sentence puts both the police and the
accusations have to be made that the call
or that I don't know that hasn't been done since
Leon 13 nothing could be further from the truth.
that the antenna is at the same distance
They are both at the same distance 600
meters
It is not like that, it also says here that this is
puts in the police investigation that the
police investigation has gotten into that
distance and that distance is 600
meters from both León Street 13 to
Caspian Sea and street antenna
León 13 to the doctor service antenna yes
You go to Google Maps and do
you can set the measurement yourself
to Javi images
Here we see that the doctor on the other
first
up up
Here we see the Caspian Sea antenna
which is the one to which all the
calls made from the street
from León Trece all the calls that are
position the lion receives them and passes them
From the brand antenna I think that's it
at 392 meters and that of Doctor Cervi now
If it goes down it is at 450 meters. That is, no
is that they are not at the same distance as
They are not They are not at 600 either
meters as it says the only way to
that you get 600 meters is the distance
between the two antennas what there is of the
Doctor Serbia's antenna, the sea antenna
Caspian is about 650 meters
We are roughly talking about
data of the family sentence, that is
we are talking
a complaint for insult or a complaint
because they broke my car and they
stolen the radio we are talking about a
A murder sentence is worth a
minor And we have a sentence that neither
even let's measure what there is of one
antenna to another and on top of that it is you
saying that nothing is right
consulted exactly what it says that
which is the query inferred in Google
So the measurement I made
I there the measurement of those images is
the same one that has to be referred to
there from pages 2000 and something of the
summary So why is the number
we are talking differently, that is, I want
that people realize
of the seriousness of the matter because then
At the end of the live stream we will list
a series of things are valid in a sentence
so something so serious is worth it to me
claiming that they do not even measure the data well
antennas Why the theme of repeat it to me
explanation that we have given at the beginning
Please trium the topic of an antenna and
another thing that is what happens and what is it
It is being argued here Here it is you
commenting that probably that
night when Garcia mentally performs it
that call at 2:5 at 2:01
sorry to Francisco Javier Well that
antenna the Caspian Sea antenna which is a
the one they always connect to from León
Thirteen would be saturated by some
reason and the call bounced back to the
next nearest antenna which was the
from Doctor Zero and now I tell you and me
What do I care which antenna jumps to?
call if the call is about to go away
to sleep Where is this lady going to sleep?
if it's not there of course but then we have
to accept as true his testimony that
I was going to sleep because I was there
but of course, that is, in the sentence
What he is doing is justifying that
call is not picked up by the dialing antenna
It justifies that the other one catches her because
They are at the same distance but it is that
They are not. That is to say the sentence is what you
He is arguing with this about the
antennas is that she is not in León 13
that we cannot confirm that it is in León
Thirteen because the other one has jumped entirely
but please, Mr. Judge, court
supreme to whom it comes made that has
jumped to the neighboring antenna
that it was a call to say that
I was going to sleep If not that also although
It was due to an operator issue
her mobile phone coverage of the
traffic that the antenna is receiving
brands that we are going to assume there are a lot
traffic then jumps the next one
antenna even assuming all that is true
because all the other calls that are
produce in that house including those of
María García Mendaro connects
then to mar caprio and why all
the calls except for Francisco's
Javier who then connects to the Cross
Red
Doctor, you're not going to help me.
This seems like a justification.
Well, to get it out of León 13 because it is
What he tells you is that he doesn't tell you
They jump that antenna, they jump your antenna
on the bright side but let's see is that I
It also serves if it had hit the other one
antenna that has on the street more for
down is there is where it is if not O
be or be this argument of the antennas
which is wrong in a botched way or this is it
It is already the maximum nonsense and the
maximum shamelessness this argument that the
enzyme is wrong half the antennas you
They are confirming above Yes yes because
There are some files here and some
police folios nothing further from that
reality is nothing further from the truth
reality nothing could be further from the truth and
It is to justify that she is not in
the house but sir if he is telling you
that the call is that he is going to sleep and
instead of jumping on an antenna you
jump over the one next to you, what does it matter?
well so you can see so you can see But
Well, apart from the nonsense
Well, if that is necessary or not.
report that the family is requesting
Exactly that's what we're going for, good.
question at two and one is supposed to
Francisco Javier calls and says, Hey, what's up?
I'm going to sleep because I'm tired and such.
I go to bed at 2:05 at two and
Fourth Apology Appear by Leon 13
Carliche and Gaby and these not only call to
the window to the blind but
They also lift it up and knock on the window
They make quite a bit of noise and are there for a while
fifteen minutes waiting to see if anyone
He is inside and serves them or he leaves.
They say that there the lion Thirteen does not
there is absolutely no one at that time
at 12 sorry at 2:15
tomorrow and now let's go to another point
quite quite interesting no I mean
Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry
sorry sorry we have to go back a bit
little because Sorry sorry sorry
This is even worse, eh look
both the police and the police
as the accusations maintain that the
2:01 call does not locate Maria
García Mendaro on León Street 3 or so
the police
He's saying he's not in the house
Because of course they are not because they
What they say is she says she is but
Here she says she is but the call
It's somewhere else. So it takes two and
one as he went to bed if he was not in the
house more or less what holds there the
accusation and what it claims
research So she is you
saying I'm at home sleeping that
He is sleeping in the house but of course
What she wants to tell you is that she doesn't
was in the house while the
family and at least at least to
two and five Yes because that's when
It was around one to one thirty around there
The wheelchair comes out, that's what we're going to do now.
then call other people or
she is creating she claims that
Yes, I was in the house at this time and then
the call says so or so then in
reality It is or it is not
that's what it's about your phone says no
Now it has truly rebounded
antenna and has already gone says that the sentence
says yes and the sentence has said that
yes no the court at that time
okay good And then the resources are the
Superior Court and everything corroborates it
let's go to the wheelchair thing
It's super interesting. Well, here we go.
to Samuel who here enters Samuel because
Here now you are going to see why Samuel
during the night at 12:22 to 12:56
at 12:58 at 1:04 Good at 12:22
Call Miguel to bed okay Miguel no more
I know what he will say, he does not say that either
ask him about Marta at 12:22 But
well all night until one
and fourth is receiving calls from
Alex who is a mutual friend of Marta del
Castle that they are looking for Marta and
I have a thing that is looked at a lot
Attention, and I don't know if I told you
I told you and this is the next thing they call
Samuel, super worried, takes all the
night calling and Samuel Marta is not there
But the strange thing is that it's not Samuel
the one who calls to ask for Marta or
sea ​​calls us Hey had found Hey
you know something that would not be common that
This so-called outgoing merger is therefore
less from my point of view No, I am not
Marta's friend, close friend, I love her
a lot and they told me at 12:22 that
Marta hasn't appeared, it's me who's going.
giving ass Hey you know something Hey ha
appeared Hey no, they are not all calls
starters I mean I would love to talk to
Alex and ask him why he calls him
as much or as much
why from a person who is not
must be worried about Marta because he doesn't
makes no calls they call him so much
No, but oh well, I don't care, the question is
who calls him a lot throughout the
night until a quarter past one
that Miguel's phone stops ringing again
to position for two hours and 20
minutes and we say okay the phone
Miguel stops positioning the one and
good room
but it is not only Miguel's but
Miguel to the Pardon of Samuel at one
and Thirteen but Miguel stops
position at 1:37 and the cuckoo stops
position at one thirty-two other
time the three phones
At approximately the same time they stop
reposition
and now here we go to the part of the
wheelchair there is a neighbor witness of
Miguel Carcaño, who is called
What's it called? Well, I don't remember now.
the name that Miguel Calcano is said to give
in the entrance of the block between one and
half past two in the morning
They see him, his girlfriend who comes down with him sees him and
In addition, the police corroborate it.
say now because he is seeing a
serious program calls me a copla that I
I call it a copla, which is a bit already called
copla or something like that that they play here in
Canal Sur and the police confirm that
when he says the time he says it is the
specific verse that said that it was
hearing something like that then we know that
There is a witness who around one and
half past two in the morning
sees Miguel Carcaño in the doorway with a
wheelchair in the doorway of his house
and a mirror says it's getting dark
well the jacket and they have the car or the
wheelchair is on the east side
Witness had already seen Miguel Carcaño
during the afternoon with white clothes that
Also, those clothes belong to Miguel Calcano.
the police search puts it here
over here I put it, I don't remember now
exactly where Well but around here it is
It says OK right now that it does not legislate the
clothes and that when he says I'm not going to the
1:30 you no longer see him in white clothes you see him
with work clothes because Miguel
Calcano went to work at 5:00
morning peak at half past one he
says that Miguel Calcano with clothes of
job
Well, at this time the sentence says
that it is not real, that it is false and here it is not
Rafa can clarify that he knows what it is
What's happening with this, with this time of day?
one and a half and why they take away his reason
It is clear to this witness what is happening
which is that the witness is what
You said it's not just the neighbor, it's the
neighbor and his girlfriend who also gives the
explanation that they were there
They receive an SMS because they had agreed or
the bride had been left I don't know what
had to take his house then by
They go out and meet Miguel in the
portal what is happening that as to the
1:37 Miguel's cell phone positions him in
bed the sentence Just for that he says
that the time the neighbor says it is
That is a range of between 1 and a half and
two is no longer there, it is no longer correct
It may be because this man will be a 37
He is in bed and cannot be at 1:30 in
the portal with the Chair So that
that is directly ruled out, that is, that
testimony is simply dismissed because
that dance now that would be some
minutes and the sentence says that Miguel
You can return later closer to the
two who from one thirty to leave the
wheelchair to leave it where it is not
Javi knows, play this audio and I'll tell you
pass is worth it
He entered the house and took out a chair
wheels Not true Well not true
that I would have It is not true that in the
inside the house at about that time
They found the body in the living room without
Marta del Castillo's life completely
false Diego, it is true that you in a
At first he told the police that he
saw around one in the morning
one thirty when you saw Miguel
It is true that he was carrying a chair
of wheels
Do you remember if you were coming in or out, I don't know?
I wasn't even coming out, that is, in front of
your door is like a mirror and it was
in front of the mirror with the Chair after
but I wasn't orienting or leaving
in front as if fixing his jacket or
I don't know what a group of people were carrying
police looked at the time of a program that
My mother was watching and saw that it was
about half past one
I was already standing in front of a mirror Yes
in the big mirror what is it that
Diego said he told me that he was his neighbor and
where there was that I had seen the 1:30 one
wheelchair Well, the truth is that
I start a little
Let's say to tremble inside
So I don't knock on the door anymore.
But brother Miguel Carcaño is a
violent attitude I thought at that moment
I thought he wasn't going to hit us
all the kids and I
I ask him what happened to his
Brother, could you tell me something?
He tells me that he has nothing to tell me
what he has told he has told from the
early morning to Tuesday friends and to the
parents and he has nothing to say No
It is true that he appeared there
Francisco Javier around that time
around two o'clock approximately
early morning and everyone wrapped themselves up
the body and took it out in a wheelchair
wheels It is not true Nothing that you
says
completely
I think he went through the hall to
I don't have to go through Miguel's room
I miss it but it wasn't clean
of
clean the floor if it wasn't a strange smell
but just as you pass through the hall you
Afterwards when I arrived at the living room I didn't notice
absolutely nothing strange but I
It seemed like it was like I didn't even smell
ammonia as they say it was not as if it were
a mop that is from the bars
that is a little dirty not according to what it is
strange that the same It is not that the same is
an insight that gave me
Okay, because it's important because I have
also put the testimony of the uncle of
Marta, who had heard what I said
I arrive around six or something like that, he says.
I think the time he sets
Because it is important. Well, because the guy
collects the testimony of that witness
same night or that testimony is
fresh that witness
does not forget the time two or three hours
or four after it happened I don't know
If I explain myself, it is not the same as being
witness would have given that testimony in
the trial to give it to the uncle as well
at six in the morning having passed
at one in the morning you understand me
I mean no. That is, that witness is
remembers perfectly At 6 o'clock in the
tomorrow because it had just happened that
Miguel Calcaño between 1:30 and 2:00
I was in the portal that's why it's super
The declaration of the
uncle of
Marta del Castillo Now yes Rafa already
can achieve a sentence and so on
Interesting that you said that because
they take away the validity of the testimony
Let's see, wait, we were talking about the
wheelchair witness No that's it
what I told you before that as
for the dance now because the witness
says it's at 1:30 to 1:37 Miguel
is still bedridden
then it can't be like that
discards what is not discarded that was
later, that is, closer to two
that from 1:30 but already for that dance of
Well, time is not available and neither is it
It is known that Maria
I saw because what it gives to understand
The sentence is that Miguel returns with the
wheelchair to leave it and so
the brother doesn't notice
I think that grieving one thing so far
everything we have been seeing, everything that
We have been watching the sentence at what time it is
of death
the testimony That is, at what time they transfer
the body of the wheelchair in
instead of being like this the story of the
made by the Witnesses and by the
clues are making the story of
facts proven by the testimonies of
the accused
exactly you look at the sentence
instead of making a story of
the facts by the indications and by the
testimony of the Witnesses who are not
They have nothing in their pockets, accusing
Miguel Carcaño or Francisco Javier
because there is no plot here to
accuse these people to see if I
You understand, I doubt very much that that neighbor
such Diego had a grudge against
death with Miguel Carcaño I mean no and what
and that you are leaving another witness
which is the one from the bar too which is also
See that now we touch on it in the sentence
With the blackboard we have already finished Trio
No wait, let's go for a moment, give me
a second to place it
Ok, give me the board, let's do it.
a couple of things on the board and then
We already talked about another part, well
We know that Mary calls Francis
Javier at two and one to tell him that
goes to bed and Francisco Javier from the
two and one until 4:02 has again
your phone
without positioning
and here a fact happens and that is that during
the trial there is a witness who appears that
He is a taxi driver who places Francisco
Javier around what time Rafa you what
you are right about well he says that
The witness of the altaistas says that
Pick up a person on Luis Street
montoto near Juan Avenue
Antonio Castani, that's where the bar is.
silk
property of Francisco Javier with others
two partners who pick up a person there
between 12:15 and 12:30 at night and
which he later identifies as Francisco
Xavier
Okay, and then that witness is not taken, right?
It is taken into account and then we will explain
why the blackboard is worth it The blackboard is already
would not be
We will talk about Francisco's calls
Javier to Miguel Calcaño but that's already it
with the Listín that you have and not here
Ok then we move on to the other one
blackboard that would be from the bar but then more
forward Yes Exactly here basically
closing the topic of closing the topic
of what we have here right now
up to this part of the live with the
call location
We have everything that happens located more
or less like that before death
and after death we have two
very specific and very specific moments
significant in which all or
they turn off their cell phones or are not there
located are out of service one
It's after that call From that
cabin in which it seems that there are some
contacts I think that call could
supposedly be the one in which they are most or
less
Scheming, let's call it that.
preparing ourselves according to Clear because
then you see that they have spoken that they have
agreed on things that then there are some
tricks that don't work for them and some
alibis that don't work out for him not later
saying 12
for example for example no and no
talk to Miguel when there is no one there is no one
no contact between him and Miguel that is
I can try before that but it's that
then there is another disconnection
What the boards say clearly is that
Marta dies at 8:28 and we have to
8:41 Francisco Javier or his
phone is at home I think
that is the most important thing of all
Francisco Cabel is at home
Francis at home Marta dies
After that there are a series of calls
between them there are two contacts
hours of disconnection is back
connected is doing more or less
for me a kind of charade because
there is no other thing, there is no one
movements there I go to cape for the
I go in and out of my wife's house
building I go to the bar then the
another one goes to a party the other one is
Montequinto is also a party
Samuel is like the one in charge of
pick up calls with friends and
pretend to be worried no Oh mother Oh
the father Oh the friend the calls of a
friend and now there is another disconnection that
We don't know what's in those other two.
hours of disconnection between one and
half past two until three in the morning
things like that
that everything would indicate that they are made there
movements could probably be
to evict Marta from there
house that does not mean that in that
moment
evict Marta and leave her in a
same clear always I would point everything out
because of the wheelchair and a series
of things that at the time in which the
They take out of León 13 in those hours of
disconnection of police action
before continuing trium for me there are two
moments here that need to be commented on
the police action we have three
The good father's denunciations are one with two
extensions in the first to very strong
what time is the first one
The father files the first complaint
nine o'clock will put up an announcement at two and
ten in the morning, as they say
that will be at a friend's house
Ok then we have it waiting Here already
There is a law that if you are a minor you
You must search from the first moment or
be a law here that we must not wait for
24 hours that I don't have it there
[Music]
you have to wait 24 hours nothing but
Being a minor, you have to put on the
batteries no Well then the first one
receipt of the complaint by
disappearance of a minor and the practice
of the first steps towards its
localization will be carried out
immediately after knowledge
of the facts since the first hours
can be essential for both the
integrity of the minor as well as for the
research and investigation of the
circumstances of the case This for me is
Another mistake I'm going to make, okay? Yes.
but something else also happens. And
is that grooming is the part of the
police or the police in charge of
the minors So it should be
ordering this type of complaints is
rest on the weekend
mind-blowing that
in the period of time of the week that
More minors disappear or leave
party that the group has on weekends
in charge of watching over them this one
I rest, that is, I don't know. Call me crazy.
but I think it should be even the
Day of the week that most
reinforcement should have a cost that this
We have also seen it in others
missing from my channel for example
Paco Molina had exactly the same thing happen to him.
When the father plants the complaint of
rest because weekend eh go It is
that is that it cries out to heaven that they go and
They say I don't get a break first
complaint, they tell him that he will be fine
who will be with a friend who will be with
a friend who will be there who will be
second party
28th in the morning
This is already until Monday because it is
Rest Exactly this until Monday
family
I'm here until Monday. Exactly the third one.
The complaint was filed at 1:30 in the
Sunday afternoon on the second in the
second complaint It already smells like bleach and
others no And of course this is where the
part
There is a very curious thing they put
Francisco Javier Javi's telephone call
Right now you are going to see the best with him
Telephone directory
There we have it, okay, lower it a little.
bottom part is worth looking at Francisco
Javier at 4
Sorry
Dracula's arm at 4 and at
four and two remember that Garcia that he
He arrives home at 4:02 which is the
last call he makes to his girlfriend
to tell him that he is coming for
sleeping does not place him in León Trece
It is located on Llanes Avenue at
four and two who is on the call that
the girlfriend does it to tell him that she
open the door because you don't have keys
This is Llanes Avenue, where it is worth
There is the little square But well it can be
near
Luis stops for León 13 no, that is
how walking I don't know how he gets to his
home because there are no buses at that time
402 So what happened with Luis Montoto is
Put it on the antenna and I'll call you at 4
from the avenue I'm not even going to walk
I still have a little bit of a stretch to get to it
at least 10 minutes
Of course, Jane Avenue, let's see, man.
That antenna doesn't pick you up, that antenna doesn't pick you up.
you can maybe take a piece of the
Miraflores Avenue
Well, it may be half the way to
Leon 13 but of course it is very rare or
this man is strange that at four
and when Garcia knocks, open the door for me
that I don't have the key to the antenna that
place it place it on the avenue I can't
say more he is the one who says that Calls to
that time to tell him if he wants it
testifies that they make the judgment that is
over there, well, at four thirty, okay
He calls his brother that 650 is the one
Miguel Calcaño for 198 seconds
At 4:35 he calls his brother again.
At 4:36 they call him 647 I
I understand that call because it lasts
almost two minutes is what makes it
Alejandra's mother to Francisco Javier
Mother Alejandra calls Francisco Javier
to ask if he knows anything about Marta and
Here is a very curious fact because it tells you
No No, I haven't seen my friend for a long time.
brother and I don't know anything about him
Okay, it's assumed that from here on
Francisco Javier at 4:52 at 4:53 and
At 4:57 he is calling Miguel
carcaño and Miguel tells him to come here
that there are people who are making noise
because Marta doesn't appear
coming face that's supposed to be it
who tells him that he says Go to work and
ask for the day off and you come here and
Miguel Carcaño is going there at
four and fifty-seven which is the
last call that Miguel Carcaño places
In the Caspian Sea, forgiveness for Francis Xavier
marcapio or rather Sorry excuse me is the
last call he makes to Miguel
cane because then and to Miguel Calcaño to
It is already in León 13 Okay then
Alejandra's mother at 5:00 a.m.
tomorrow I don't know exactly at 5:15 a.m.
At half past five he arrives at the house of
Leo 13 that she goes with the father
Gaby's who is the father of another friend of
Another friend of Marta del Castillo arrives
At 13 León Street, there's a knock at the door
and Francisco, the brother of
Miguel Calcaño invites you to come in.
Gaby's father and Alejandro pass by
Alejandra says she smells bleach that smells
extremely clean which seems strange to him
and once they are inside, they call
Francisco Javier to Miguel Calcaño and this one
leaves the matrimonial room, that is,
the main room of the house goes out
Miguel Carcaño and Francisco Javier
rush to close the door and this
I remember Alejandra's mother
perfectly for that reason because Francisco
Javier when his brother leaves
hurry to close the door and now
Tell what you were going to tell Rafa about that
same as the master bedroom
that of that good double room
Let's see, none of the witnesses and this.
it is stated in the sentence
places María Mendarones with María García
mendaro in the house but it is also that
Samuel in one of the statements that
I think it's the first time he
He speaks and says that when he goes to that house
The door of that bedroom doesn't reach
up okay then he says that there he sees
light and when when they ask him
Francisco Javier why Maria
Garcia Mendaro no, no, no, the mother of
Cristina says why does he sleep without
without clothes and then has not left the
room then Of course if he sleeps without clothes
and the fourth one hasn't come out because of that why
Miguel that his brother-in-law leaves that
master bedroom already Naked
supposes as he has said
When Alejandra arrives she leaves the
bedroom in which it is assumed to be
This naked girl left it there. Well.
when he meets with Francisco Javier and
with Gaby inside the house
Carcaño says it, I left it like that.
Then Francisco Javier says yes yes
because when they arrived I was
in the bathroom and I heard him coming
with Marta of course then the mother
says to Francisco Javier but if I
You just said it took a long time
without seeing your brother and then when
She tells Gabivamonos father
Something doesn't smell right here. And
then they all leave, they both leave
from Miguel's house
We can now remove the gun part
we have my mother
three complaints from Marta's father in the
Police that for Monday family is worth
that it's already Monday
Let's go, my goodness, let's get to the mess of the
half past one in the afternoon
Okay, it doesn't do anything either because the first one
good time lie the next day the
police go to the house, that is, the police
in the afternoon at 7 to 7:30 okay Yes
That's true
from León 13
and here is a very curious fact: there is a
witness who is a friend of Maria friend of
Maria de Maria Garcia mendano that that
In the afternoon he goes to study with her at home
From Leon 13 this witness says first
that because it was cold it was January it was
January 25th and María García Méndado
had all the doors Well she was
the one that was there all the windows
from the open address that intersects with
the police that Cuco arrives that afternoon to
pick up some CDs that you see him looking at
down like shy And such But that does not
had scared or anything that is there a
while in the house collecting a CD and that
there it is
Mariela But she also says that she
I had been living in that place for a week
home did not want to study
Let's listen to what she says in
This visit from the police is the
police a police chief of
homicides are worth it. Not the one that is not the group
who then takes care of this on Monday
I imagine, of course, I imagine it would be
a payment to fulfill by You know why in
At that moment they are watching the portal
I think Antonio and Marta's uncle and
then the police come and say okay
Okay, since you're here doing it
you, let's say, the police work
it is not the group it is not the group of the
police officer in charge of the case is fine
a homicide chief and he's good
when he arrives there at 7:30 in the
Later he meets María García
merendaro and These are the statements
that gives you
is being heard No I don't hear it
no no no I don't
now
thrown inside the home
a.m.
here for it because this is from
Netflix
okay no and apart
Besides, the call is not from Netflix
the call is more space is worth the audio
I got it but the audio is on more
Maria's site declares that she
has spent the night studying since
Triun o'clock or so I understand no
Here is the move that both the father of
Marta in that time slot like the
Marta's friends like the parents of the
Marta's friends bang on the window
several times and that is very off that
It is the part of the sentence that we have
I saw before that I got a little confused
explaining I didn't realize it afterwards
because the move is that in the sentence
They put wrong data not to get it out of
the house but to put the truth in it
exactly and it's there we go normally
It is the media case that lived the longest
up close Because they were neighbors but everything
what I have seen these days and all the
information that we have handled in these
days there are many things that not even when I saw
the documentaries because Claro already did it
We have raised awareness by searching and so on
Okay, so now we have La Movida left.
Now we would go Before before the topic of
the sentences I would like to be a pause
If you don't mind, call Maika.
because I met her at this time and she
I'm running out of time a little bit and
better not be that we have to
go and
and let's not talk and let's not talk to her
ok I'll call her
you hear the call you hear the call yes
perfectly
Hello, good evening, Mike Tabasco.
such are you
Well, how are you? We are in
direct and nothing is extended for us
little bit Sorry if it calls you a little bit
later than expected but we are
lengthen it a little bit because we are
not going into every detail giving it
many turns and well I missed a bit
little bit I say let's stop for a moment and
We called her to ask her a couple of questions.
doubts and we'll leave you there
studying no
Yes, yes, well, nothing, calm down, Javi, tell me.
Well look at us Maika We wanted
know what possibilities And what it would be like if
It may be the case that a
a case like this is finally sentenced
can be repeated or something can be reopened
Let's see in the case of forgiveness for a second
I'm going to put myself in the headset
Yes, let's see in the case of Marta del
Castle
it is impossible
for several reasons to see to cancel a
trial may be for violation of
fundamental rights that have been passed over
the long term because
has six months, that is, a sentence
can appeal
This was the provincial court of
Madrid
the plans are all passed and then
With the issue of repeating the trial is that
can't be repeated, come on for a second
Sorry, sorry that we are here
listening with echo for a second that
fixes nothing, forgives nothing
Live problems Okay now now
better better but no forgiveness my fault
my fault my fault Sorry Sorry
Sorry, now we're going to listen to you.
good
you listen to her well
Now you hear it
You don't hear her but forgive me
I share again pim Pam Now I know
You have to listen Yes or yes to see if it is
You hear me perfectly now, perfect, Mica.
Forgive us if you don't mind explaining
again to see what we were up to
all deadlines have been exhausted, not because they are
final judgment is exhausted
deadlines for even European justice
They are exhausted then of course those deadlines
They are usually used by defendants
who are the ones who start fighting for
a violation of rights
fundamental and so on because what
They want to get away with it and then there is
people who are innocent and also in the
Antonio's case, that's what happens, he goes
as a private prosecution
I imagine that you will have been pending
that in the process no rights were violated
fundamental rights but of course
his daughter who was the victim because man to
Your daughter has not had any rights violated
fundamentally what was intended is
to know how he had died who
had killed her and what were they then?
the ins and outs of that crime for
evidently condemn all
responsible for where the problem has been
from Marta del Castillo that I commented on
with you in private we'll see there there is
a series There they judged you all
Okay, so there are a number of positions.
with respect to some defendants who are not
completely clear in that sense that
suspicion is worth it that they could have had
more responsibility
which the court later saw in
tests Okay what's happening that like
have already been judged
if the case had been closed for
lack of evidence regarding any of them.
If new evidence appears, you can
request the reopening but if one
person has sat in a courtroom and the
judge has told you that you are innocent or that
your responsibility is reduced to xy you already
You can't judge him again Because as
There is a principle called the thing
judged what has been judged is not
You can judge again So there you go
a court declared that x or y did not
had responsibility or had
less responsibility than is
suspicion Since judgment can no longer be made
repeat, that is, we are talking about
suddenly if the craziest thing in the world appeared
world suddenly a video in which another
suspicious or maybe it has to be
another of those who were investigated
suddenly imagine that a appears
completely crazy test suddenly a
video that the one who did the act was
another of those involved and not the one who is
condemned can no longer be changed no no
because they were judged
Imagine that tomorrow it looks like a video and
I'm going to give a very crazy example, okay?
in which Carcaño's brother appears
okay, killing Marta del Castillo and
Imagine if that video appeared. Well.
Well, like this gentleman
I already know why this man is
investigated
when the summary of
Marta del Castillo this gentleman too
He is being investigated, so what happens is
that in the end something else is concluded
but the trial is also held
Regarding him, I don't know if I'm explaining myself.
Then it is no longer possible in the
preliminary proceedings not before opening the
oral hearing is decided by what trials or
be not For what crimes is he being tried in the
view each one not exactly
exactly then good is that the
The problem is that they have all been judged
there for example matters where it is dictated
a file because there is a lack of evidence
or there is lack of proof Then in that
case if new evidence appears you
you can reopen the case of course
and no no, but there are two there, there is one
section B for for
okay first of all
the suspects are on the run
Okay, by the way, I talked to you about it in
private and that I have that information
The case against the landlord has not yet expired
sale
Antonio Inglés is for the only person
that is not prescribed for others
Antonio, are you talking to each other?
The tribe is talking to you but no, it can't.
Listen to you okay, let's see how not to do it
I'm listening, I speak, yes, yes
the prison case has a summary B
because of the issue of some hairs that are
They found in crows that it is known
that are neither Antonio Angles's nor
Miguel Ricard So that's open
a summary B is worth that on one hand and
then on the other hand there is the issue of
Antonio English who is right now
who is using the research is
the American police because they
suspects that this person resides in
Miami is worth it And there is enough evidence
quite reliable that he
lives in Miami I tell you because
We have discussed it privately. Okay then.
in the American police maintains
I think not until next year
the crime is prescribed with respect to Antonio
angles are there working but A thousand
per hour I tell you, look, exclusive that
I'll paste the second case on your channel.
The Marta del Castillo case is different
First of all, because all the
suspects
were put on trial
all persons suspected of having
participated in that crime were
those prosecuted were not left untouched
loose you understand me and then the
court concluded liability
for x or for y what does this mean? Well,
there is a case already decided, so it is as if
You judge a person and you consider
that he is innocent of murder
They will understand tomorrow if evidence appears
that they instill in you, you can no longer do it again
judge
So if the tests were not
enough of the legally correct
legally correct is to have
requested or his lawyer who had requested it
requested voucher that is formally
resolved the provisional file or the
About the provisional file Sorry for
lack of evidence regarding this crime
so that tomorrow if they appear
new tests I can try
judge him that sometimes many times less
It is more in justice what happens Claro
Yes, yes, if at that time how things were
society and the case not the sensitivity
with the case
they file and do not condemn to pay
file so people understand me
When we talk about archiving the
cause is like it is filed
that no one is condemned or that is not
There is evidence, no one is convicted of
moment I know it's archived and you can move on
the years and may not condemn
nobody
What happens is that many times it is
preferable in simple murders is worth it
That at the moment no one is condemned and
that it is known and that a little more progress is made in the
investigation until there is evidence
solid Look at this girl who was killed
In Galicia right now I don't remember its
name but you will know the gum was
the one who killed her What was her name?
girl Diana
There the civil guard knew for many years
months that the gentleman was responsible and
You know what's going on, they didn't stop him.
because they knew that if they stopped him at that
moment you understand me the gentleman was leaving
Rosita because they had no proof
The test helped them enough
They had in the end that it was this girl who
tried to kidnap to do the same
That's when they arrested him and
Mr. Ya faced with what came upon him
said where the body was
Criminology is completely very
complex then in matters like Marta
Castle The problem is that the judges
They are under a lot of pressure because society
demands that you introduce him to the
responsible and that you solve everything in
a second but sometimes that's not it
possible because there are criminal plots that
are very complicated, especially if
several people mingle as it was
This case is about people who don't cooperate.
He laughs at justice from the first
moment that is in the Guadalquivir
that if all that is such a garbage dump
because it is done to gain time and
that the body decomposes
because what you want is for them
evidence disappears then it was
really a very complicated case where
both Miguel and the rest of the
people who are there and this is my
opinion they know where the body is and
Nobody wants to say it or rather nobody
Those who are there are trustworthy Because if
were trustworthy people well now that
let the whole issue be judged What a problem
There is to go out and say the body is here
It would be your thing, really.
nobody
person go out even if it is and tell the
Father Antonio Look where your daughter is
Why don't they do it because they are
psychopaths So those are the people that
I can't trust you, I told you privately
because they are very manipulative people
mix truths with lies and they start to
to tangle and in the end Well the subject without
resolve the important issue now clearly
It is that the father thinks that the
body is in a place x
And then what he wants is for it to be
investigate or it seems that it fits there
to see if the body was there he continued
I believe that from some statements
Miguel Carcaño if I have understood correctly
Now we talk about it. We are ok, ok.
I don't know what that means
statements but I don't know exactly
where is the point How do you do it already
You cannot open an investigation for
Because the issue has already been judged, I don't know if
I explain myself, yes I understand. That is, since I am already
judged the issue
that is to say, the case is completely
closed
Justice and the police do not look for a
body for more indications that it has Yes
because The Search for the Body a piece
apart from the fact that it is open
because suddenly a farmer who has
past many times is preparing its
field and suddenly of bone remains And
This is a person calling the police
The police come to the Anatomical Institute
The coroner takes him away and performs a test on him
of DNA if the Pro if the body appears
by chance, evidently, justice
is going to take the body and is going to do
a DNA test but open a
investigation to search for the body
because who do you open it to if they are
all played Then it's a problem
legal technician that there justice already
the father can no longer act
The only solution left is to talk
with the owner of the land to dig for
your account
And if I found bones, obviously
They call the police but the police or
the judge will not authorize that there
is finished or any proceedings are carried out
research because the law of
criminal prosecution does not allow it
Of course, Maica, a lot, I don't know if
You want to ask him something smaller and it is
that of course no how can you not cross the
audios I've done wrong we can't talk
with them
Thank you very much queen. Rest well and
sorry for bothering you until now
Javi, a kiss, a kiss, Mayca, just in case
Do you want to see her channel? A kiss, Maica, let's see.
I'm going to excuse you, I have to say
a couple of things before we get started
Let's move on to another topic, we're not going to get into it.
the case because then from the hands
this and we are not talking
then we invited Felix Rios who is
the criminologist who is represented as
private prosecution and the one we are
now seeing all the evidence that is
requesting new evidence
of DNA that will be graded in the skulls
that the carpet of the cars is measured
the escape of Antonio Inglés is investigated
etcetera etcetera that's what he's doing
Felix River along with his foundation that is
called the Last Foundation or that one
foundation that is responsible for research
cold cases not the first moment first
place the hairs do not know if we are one
of English because the DNA tests that
were made Then it was normal DNA and
now the one is being asked for
mitochondrial therefore it is not known of
Who are those hairs is still unknown.
requested that many hairs be analyzed No
There are a lot of hairs but it seems
that the musket of those that appear from
the girls hairs that appear in the grave
in the gloves of Colmenero immense no
We will get into it later on the topic of
Antonio Inglés about Miami Sorry that
I told you but there isn't any, there isn't any
exclusive nor are the shots going in that direction
moment I am speaking what I
I know of the case with people who
They report that they are in the case and
that have the summary see the hands that
Nobody has the serum because it is from
own case and another little thing that I was going to tell you
commenting is the fact of
prescribing the case of cancer is
prescribed for all people who do not
be Antonio Andrés and it is not prescribed
for Antonio because there is a summary B of
a separate open case in case Antonio
Andrés appears that's why there are still people
that is asking for evidence based on
English because there is an open Sumerian
but if another person appeared the case
of cancer is prescribed then I think
that if one day I wanted to talk to Alcázar
Maybe I have no idea why I want that
A series of data have been given that I
It would be nice not to give them
Let's see, excuse me for saying it like this, but
the thing is
I talk to people who treat it very kindly.
near and
giving credibility to that data
Because they are not real, that is.
Sorry to say it like that, I don't know
Maica no I don't know what her job is and she
is dedicated to the topic of research
crimes but the data that has
given no it was not to ask him
simply the subject of the signature
No, it's not to take me against anyone.
nor for turning against anyone
Simply each series of data that
For me, I think it is good to clarify that no
They are correct and it must be said no
If I hadn't said anything, I wouldn't have said anything.
I mentioned that I simply said that
house to say if it had happened like
the case of cancer that there is a summary B
in a specific person it can be followed
investigating that's why I simply did
reference Yes but we are talking about the
The thing is that the case of the case I can't tell you
say I don't even know you tell me then
Ok but the issue of whether it can be done
reopen a final judgment and in the
legal situation that is the issue of
Marta del Castillo who I think Rafa
when we have been talking about the
body is saying that the search is
apart from that, the search is a separate piece
that is still open when you
they gave the prize
But that continues because when you
They gave the award to the docuseries me
agreement I from Nacho Abad picking up the
award saying that the family of
Marta had not wanted to go because she did not
I was just informed that
the body was not being searched for and then
that they did not feel like going to pick up the
prize Let's go like It's logical then
Of course I understand that the body is what
It remains to look for it but at the expense of the
family
the case being in this position
It is not the only case in which there is
missing bodies the case of Marta
del Castillo there are many cases in
Spain that the victim has not appeared
Marta had Calvo for example in fact
He treated the case a week ago in my
channel and we have had the mother with
we here Even in my house there has
the mother has been here on a live show with
we do not then clearly take into account
The police tell me one thing now
example claim that is searched in the in
the area that Antonio is talking about now
del Castillo because there is an area in the
that can be searched but if there is no
no clue where to look or want
Saying the police can open avenues for
research to see Hey look well it is
He says that he will try here and there
investigate but you can't go looking in
all the strips of Seville then
Of course it says there is no active search
true there is no active search but
It does not mean that the search is
simply filed that in this
There is no active search at the moment
because he can't be lifting the either
soil of another seed when a comes out
clue that points to reliable evidence
that it may be that in that area
find the girl's body then
when he goes and looks for himself Not if he were there
closed It wasn't done That was what I
come to refer not to see
removing the subject of the case from the case of
It is true that it is not the subject of the
direct and yes
we deviated
It is not the subject of the live show and it is also
that I don't know him at all or whatever
I saw the documentary they made a while ago
little and I saw it but it was the first thing I saw
the topic and I can't say or debate anything
I am exactly It's that I don't
I know but the subject I wanted
how are we doing what has been done that Maika
As a lawyer, explain to me the
sentences in such a case in a
situation so it is firm and being
realistically we have already anticipated this
beginning of the live I know that a lot
people in the chat who are saying No
I agree I do not agree
I would have liked to listen too
another thing but being realistic such and such
as it is done in addition to the issue of not
judging things twice is
international that law as it is
This also exists for a number of reasons
reasons that we are not going to debate now
But as it stands in the penal code
the law of prosecution and procedural law
under the circumstances of the case
by Marta del Castillo is very complicated
not to say impossible as he said
Maika that this trial can be repeated
Hey, the trial cannot be said first.
Of course, hey, maybe there is someone
that can do it Well that's why we are here
By making noise we will not be silenced
never that Hey that maybe suddenly
we ring the bell and suddenly there is
someone who is watching us that when
see all these all these crazy things that
We are aiming because it tells you Hey this
judgment is not valid, it must be repeated but
based on the law of prosecution
criminal is very difficult and that is a
reality Because I'm seeing the
people are impossible cannot be repeated
impossible
I would have loved to have heard another one
thing and that Mika had told me then
Look at Javi with all the mistakes there are
and with all the mistakes I am
taking it live
[Music]
If you grab here, it grabs you here.
you appeal and reopen it But the reality is
that it is very complicated and you are
putting in the chat Call Lada loves
Who calls I don't know how much you can hold me
all night calling lawyers until
that they say what you like
me with a lawyer with a judge
He says very clearly that he is judged and
sentenced or annulled, I have no doubt that
do it or the trial will be quashed
cancel first goes the street and then that one
It's cloudy
suddenly we played with one who
better not be watching one who takes and says
Listen to me, I'm going to cancel this and
I'm going to open
There are many cases that are closed and
that there are indications that it may be a
person can't play because already
I'm playing us in this live
what we want is pressure for what
what can be done and what it is suitable for
possibility and that is that at least the
They mimic the mobile phones. Okay.
Now notice that what we are also
denouncing with this is the way in
the way things are made that are
better there is a mistake Hey because there is a
error because there is an error because
We cannot exactly go back to
to play again what we would like
play again because this is wrong
done Okay then there is some mistake Hey
There are two judicial truths; there are errors.
that we have to fix that's why we don't
we are going to be silent and that is why we are
doing these things is worth it But what
All that remains for us is to try for the
less find it What possibilities
We have these reports from the
We're going to examine the mobile phones
They Hey, I hope he's watching us
Someone say listen to me, I'll open it
that neither this nor judged nor the other that it
I open that I cancel this judiciously the
investigation is into the mobile phones
asks not to play again to anyone or
to find her
constitutional approve the appeal and
investigate the phones that's what
We are talking about the trial logically
That is another topic now as I have already told you.
said at the beginning of the law
many times things have to be done
Slowly and well, there are errors here because
The first thing I think is that here as already
we have talked and I in our live shows
several times
which seems to have been better defended
the bad ones that the good ones are not that
better defended
very guarantor Then it is taken into account
counts rights against rights
that the accused do not have but of course
What rights did Marta have? She threw herself away.
It is more about the presumption of
innocence as you are seeing that because
for that is
even if it's white and in a bottle here
Basically what we are dealing with is that we cannot
and now let's see the evidence
criminals that there are and others that still
This is halfway straight forward for us if instead
instead of being done in a sentence and
condemnation would have been filed in its
Now it could be reopened but
It is not archived, it is
judged and also in a final judgment
So let's see if that also
family will never rest because
It can't be done and it won't stop, let's see
if at least please let us
grant and grant him that
research but not to violate as
the resource has said that they have
denied no That is to say that the mobile of
Miguel Yes because Miguel has given permission
and the others do not because they have already been
courts and they have not given him permission Hey no
Look, what we want is
trace the mobiles
In this case I say one thing very clearly and
you think one thing put yourself in the
Samuel's skin
If you have done absolutely nothing, I
I tell Antonio de Castillo taking
Antonio phone and my phone analyze
how little they understand the ignorance that
have with all due respect the judges of
These cases do not because in the first place
instance the judge of first instance
He admits the evidence and now in
The provincial court only told him
let me do it with Miguel's with him
from Marta and to request the mobile PIN
Marta's, that is, look at your ignorance
that he doesn't even know what he's asking for
Let's see, Your Honor, please listen.
that no rights are violated
None of those involved if traced
the mobile phone that we do not want to register
We don't even want to record the messages.
mobile neither the call nor the networks
social nor intimate messages nor
photographs that the mobile had what
we simply want to trace the
location to find the body no
honor is not violated nor is the
privacy please approve that it is
do that research that's what
We are asking people not to
mistake
in relation to what Triund said that
of the non-guarantee law and that of the
rights of good of the presumption
of innocence precisely the lawyer of
Francisco Javier puts it in the sentence
tries to have his charges dismissed before
of the trial
alluding to this a sentence of the
previous supreme court not because there is
presumption jurisprudence
innocence But in the end the judge says that
no because there are indications and that is why it comes to
be judged that if not almost that Francisco
Javier No, they don't even judge him.
One thing, notice if it guarantees the
justice
I can say in advance that it is
It puts a lot of pressure and a lot of pressure such
that they feel like they are in jail and have no more
remedy but to authorize it or can I
ensure that the court
constitutional will reject the appeal
Because if the Supreme Court guarantees
and the High Court of Justice of the
province and the most normal court
The guarantor is the constitutional court
and much more for example the court of
Strasbourg the higher it rises the more
They still look after the rights of the
accused therefore I can tell you
from here I am fighting for
put pressure but it will cost a lot
work that the constitutional court
accept the appeal before so that you do not
we also have to take into account
account that the court Well any
higher instance not the court
Supreme Court first
constitutional then what he looks at is not
for example we can now take out
20 contradictions in the ruling of
The facts proven by the testimonies
from which we can get a lot of things that
are wrong but that is not what he looks at
What the constitutional court looks at is
that the law that has been applied and the
processes that have been followed in the trial
to distance those sentences in what
correct yes correct it is not possible it is not known
It's time to see what is very complicated
He has already said it, they also say it in fact
all the specialists in the in the
reports and in the documentary itself
Netflix also tells you to see them
very complicated but good Hey for the
unless his face falls off
shame and at least that Hey that to
see if it does serve to make people
have your opinion on what we have done
fabric no but let's go
family because this has to be thrown away
hands on head even more good
This is complicated to understand, I'm going to
try to explain in the best way
possible what we have here here we have
the opening and closing hours
Closing of the Silk Bar, which is the bar of
Silk is Francisco Javier's bar that
had with other partners and we also have
the cash closing hours that the
Let's see now how you know when
opens and when the bar closes, very
simple because there is an alarm connected
that when you open the bar it disconnects and
When you leave the bar you go back to it
connect up to there I think the thing is
very simple good
Marta dies on the 24th, which is when
dies in León 13 is 24 we know that
Francisco Javier goes to the bar and replaces the
partner who is there I think is going to the
11 something No Rafa I think it was
12 minus 10 or 12 minus five
and Francisco Javier is already staying until
five minus ten Exactly
or turn off the alarm at 3:10 as
You see here but well the interesting thing is not
Here comes the interesting part
Now the next day, the 25th of
January Sunday Francisco Javier opens the
bar because it disconnects the alarm at
10:52 p.m. and closes at 1:37 p.m.
Okay, it's open for two hours and a bit.
just a couple of drinks on a Sunday
This appears in the Netflix documentary
with him sitting there and they say to him
Francisco, you opened for two hours, nothing.
more So how do you open the bar for two hours and
He says, well, it's that he stops to make a
average of what I work with the bar no
Can you give me two free days?
that I put myself all month long, no reason to
You see how I opened it and I opened it
says, "Come on, let's go for the whole month."
then they go No not for the blackboard No
I say that I do it unintentionally
It's normal for him to open the bar at 11 o'clock.
night after not having opened everything
the day because they are their normal hours of
April then they go to January to that
same month and they go to Sundays which is
When Francisco Javier opens the bar he
They go to January 4th which is a Sunday and they
they go to the connection and disconnection time
of the alarm and realize that the bar
Opens at 12 sorry
Okay and disconnect from the morning at 11
and a quarter more or less worth it
Okay, then we go to the 11th.
It's also Sunday we have it here and
It opens at 1 okay And then we go to the
day 18 that we have it here and it opens at
12:30 or he usually opens the bar at
12:27 at noon to one in the afternoon and to
12:36 is the bar's opening time
at noon to have your bermú before
to eat and then for a drink afterwards
not to eat but the 25th is not the 25th
He opens it as you have already seen at 10:52
of the night when they make him see this
contradiction and they say hey sorry it's
that we have been seeing the days
previous and open at noon this
contradiction What is the reason and he says Ah
Well, I don't know, I don't remember for sure.
Since the bar is mine, I went to have a drink.
a glass and I haven't opened that day
I'll just have a drink, or rather you'll have me
You're saying that the day after Marta
die of disappearing you don't know in that
moment she was dead no
you don't go recapitulating what you're doing
doing all day long just in case
perhaps someone decides to make you
testify and ask yourself Hey what did you do
These days at such an hour you remember the
I tell you one thing every day, to the millimeter
time you leave your house and at what time
that you wipe your ass because you know that
They are going to ask you because you know that you
brother is the prime suspect and you
What you're doing is recapitulating to see what's happened
done all day long that's the most
normal but now we have another part and
The following is the closing time of the
box, give me a second, we have it
here
The cash registers in the bars are a POS that
you have to close And then it remains
marked the record of When it closes
that box when you close the box
logically you are no longer working well
the box of the 25th
which only makes 42 euros good
closes at 12:47 p.m.
2:47 of the 25th remember that on the 25th at
10 and 52
night voucher
and closed the box at 12:45
in fact they ask Francisco if he can
close the box without disconnecting the alarm
and that is impossible because it cannot be
inside the bar without disconnecting the alarm
It's impossible, ask the partner, hey
sorry, can you manipulate the time of the
POS and it says clearly change the time in the
POS and it appears on the ticket with the time
that you put it like the computer what
It seems to me that if I
paradoxically were to manipulate a
ticket and that he wanted to make it look like that
If the ticket is real, when would I close the
ticket Well, during normal hours that
I usually close what I usually open
Sundays would close the day's cash register
before 12 to 12 and a bit to
12:47 but of course I can manipulate this
the POS but I can't manipulate this
because this is recorded in the
call center
nor This then here where it will jump me
free I have manipulated the time at which
I have closed the tpu the tpv which are the
12:47
but I can't manipulate the central
alarm that is telling me that I have
opened at 10:52 p.m.
and for this Francisco's brother
Javier had no explanation
in summary
summary
In short, the day Marta dies
she dies, not that they kill her
In the afternoon first there is the partner and he
He leaves there at around 10:11
would be Exactly that well at 11:30
Maria Maria picks up
from the woman's house is worth
the statements and it's there at the bar
a couple of hours three
coinciding precisely with the hours
disconnect from everyone Exactly
by phone
speaking on the phone
that last moment that the brother spends
Miguel at the bar agrees with these
hours
What about the wheelchair?
but
There are a couple of calls that place
Javier at the bar at 12 to someone
It is not known who else is the two
the one she receives from Mary and I don't know if at the
3 of 12 Yes but out of 12 I think now
Clearly, the interval that is not there
You are not positioned nor is the only thing that
that would put Francisco Javier in the bar
They are both the two constructions of the
1:30 a 29
those hours are outside the range of
disconnection
Francisco Javier's phone number
the last time this bar is open
by the owner That last bit coincides
with those hours of disconnection that
They also supposedly coincide with that
wheelchair leaving the portal that
There is a blanket that I don't know what it's worth
That bar has been open for a while on a Saturday
raining that people take shelter in the
Luis Montoto Street, whoever is from
Seville will know the area that is next to the
Aqueduct that bar makes 25 or euros of
Exact box
25 euros
which are a total of four drinks
and why do you see strange things during the hours?
of the drinks
1:30 and three o'clock there, that is, go
Those are the only four drinks.
What is done at Barça at night?
What's happening here at 17:00
coincides with the time the taxi driver says
Picking up someone in Luis Montoto in
the corner of Juan Antonio Street
head And where is the bar or so
Now we go to the sentence and now I
You explain about the taxi driver but
that we cannot miss the point
This man is going to feel his last
The hours that the bar is open are
coinciding with that disconnection,
wheelchair coming out is supposed to
the body can leave the house and so on
Okay
does not turn off the alarm
I don't know sorry
No
He leaves there at 3 and on Sunday he doesn't.
It opens at noon as usual.
on Sundays but it opens well it opens the
bar has been on alarm since 11am
night until 2-20 in the morning
I am very suspicious and I
it gives the impression that
they deal or who knows what the hell
would do the first day in those hours that
They sell 25 euros and then whatever the
the task they finish doing on the day
next or is it what it seems
no, I don't think that's what they imply in
the latest documentaries that exist
No. So what is it that is happening?
doing at the bar which is what is happening
doing in the bar that the first day
are the last two or three hours of a
Saturday night at the time when
There are people and they make 25 euros and take
3 and Sierra does not open on Sunday
noon and goes there on Sunday
at night
in January at 11 at night and it is
until 2 in the morning without cash register
what is done there in that va that
In addition, in the documented one you also
They say that those 25 euros of cash for
much than Francisco Javier in the same
documentary says that you are that it was a bar
ruinous calls are made to their partners in
the one who asks how many boxes there are
is doing every night and
They say figures of between 200 and 500 euros
normal
that seems to seem like there in the bar
they make movement but she maybe
goes there to relax and has a drink
a couple of drinks by himself and the next day
So visit the bar again to
take off because Hey Lion 13 the
environment It is still closed
Sunday without reason, Sunday does not open
in the morning as
at noon at noon it does not open as usual
be the custom of every Sunday
Because here we also have
the hours of all Sundays and
Sundays usually open at noon
At one thirty that's the time it opens
every Sunday
that Sunday in which he also
assumes that they do not have to know or
not even anything about Marta's topic other than
They are asking him why he doesn't have
nothing to do with it or anything but then the
Sunday night we stop by the bar
a couple of very strange hours and there is no
box no there is no box no
he says So when he says I'm not going to
have a drink, probably like the bar
It's mine because I go there whenever I want and
And that's what I say, don't you remember?
You don't know what you do that Sunday.
you went to have a drink if you didn't go to
have a drink Yeah sure what's up
that he had declared that he opened the
bar normally
So what was I going to say later in the
documentary
I'm telling you seriously that there isn't
seen the documentary that listens to that
part because they take it with the cart
the ice creams in the documentary part
What is being implied is that he is
lying there he enters and exits the portal
of the woman and then in the bar does
things that are not what is hinted at in the
documentary not like it does things that it doesn't
They are. So he makes strange movements.
let's call it that
or that goes to make an alibi or that goes
for what can be insinuated is that no
It is known that it is simply two hours
active bar, that is, the alarm is disconnected
at 11 to 10 o'clock at night and
It connects at the hour and a half point There is no
nothing more is known, nothing more is worth
When Marta dies it is around nine o'clock
the night in total then the body at 1
and a bit at one and a bit who buys
a pick a shovel goes into a ditch
start digging then how do you get rid of it
a body having a whole weekend
What matters ahead is that we take out
We put the body here somewhere
safe side during this night that
We know that they can come to the house to
ask and tomorrow calmly that
It's Sunday so we don't look for life and
Love the body wherever it may be
These are assumptions and speculations
evidently a theory that cannot not
I have investigated the police, we are not going to do it
to investigate us but of course
What if that happens to you? Because I also
I think I think that Marta's death is not
It was I think it was an accident I think
that it wasn't on purpose
It's very difficult for you to be caught with one
shovel or with something at home and neither the
People usually have a shovel normally
in his house
you don't usually have anything important information
Javi talking about the topic of the night
Marta de Castillo the topic of
disappearance of the body and such there is a
There is a testimony from Cuco in which he says
that
Samuel is the one who goes with the car of the
mother
to take Marta out of the castle's house
Miguel Castaño
and it is curious to say the least that car that
gets upset, acquitted, okay, no, no
I participate in the crime but what is
funny what people call it
attention is that the next day after
Cuco and Samuel are seen from the crime
cleaning Cuco's mother's car
the interior of the mother's car
Cuco no So let's watch the news
with the other but that is at least
curious and not only in this case there
You have for example the case of Esther
López de Trapinedo that one of the things
indicating that the suspect may be
This person washes the car every day
next no I mean and the washing machine wash it
No, I mean, I already have this information here because it is
a colorful fact that is often said but
There is a fact that Cuco and Samuel
They are cleaning the mother's car
and washes in the rainy season
not while it rains
Okay Rafa, your time has come, I love you with the
sentence come on get to the mess Rafa is going to us
to explain the contradictions that have
compiled in the two sentences Yes here
What I've basically done is sort it out
all in chronological order so that
let's see
with which we can follow the chronology of
the facts proven according to the sentence
as adults and then according to the sentence of
minors in the adult one at 5:30
Pick up Marta, this is what we have
explained they are not going to the square Here yes
Is it true that they are both going to Triana?
Because what happened with Cuco is what we have already said.
after
and then they go to León 13, León 13 at
8:40 Francisco Javier leaves the
housing is worth going to your house or rather
goes to his wife's house and here he enters
This strip between eight forty and
eight fifteen is when the
murder occurs at eight fifteen
as a proven fact the sentence of
adults that the minor returns home
and Miguel the bed arriving at 10:50
What's up Why have I put this here in
red because today it is known that
This is a lie because the cuckoo and his
mother have been convicted in the trial
of 2021 for false testimony they
who testify at the trial is that
They went to So the mother says that
Cuco was at 10:11 11 was
already sleeping in his bed and from there no
this came out is simply a lie and
This is one of the proven facts of the
adult sentencing then at 11:30
Maria Garcia Mendez Picks Him Up
Francisco Javier at Rosa's house and
leads to the silk bar
and she goes to the apartment at León 15
arrives at 12:15 and at 2 is when
Samuel leaves Monte Quinto where he has
spent the whole day at 2 and 1 Maria
goes to bed Calling Francisco Javier to
Francisco Javier Ceral leaves three o'clock
to another place and at four I'll return to the
floor wakes up with a call or so
Sorry wake up yellow with one
called to open it and at 4:22
receive calls and this is put by the
plural sentence receives several
calls asking for Marta and
That's when he calls his brother
to order him to return to León Trece
On the phone there is only one call that
No
I know what is not from Miguel Calcano
the rest are with Miguel Calcaño
I have not put this in plural, this is it
puts into the proven facts of the
plural sentence that receives several
calls and after receiving those calls
asking for Marta he picks up and calls
Brother, we go to the testimony and to the
and the calls that prove it
and we can now see what is supposed to be
What's happening here at 4:28 or
He arrives home Francisco Abel
He arrives home at 4, it's 4 and 2 and at
At 4:28 you receive a call asking
for Marta and that call has to be
There we go, you have taught it before in the
Listin
At 4:47 he receives another call
asking for Marta because I have put
This is in red because again in the
sentence comes in this in order in this
same order but if we look at the Listín de
call is not like that at 4:35 he calls to
Miguel, that is, after receiving a
single call, that is, they call him and he
He calls Miguel running and tells him
Miguel, they asked me about this girl.
that has disappeared Call her to see if yes
You get it at 4:36, that is, Esa
call between Miguel and his brother lasts
less than a minute and Miguel at 4:36
He calls Marta from bed knowing that she is not
He'll pick up the phone later at
4:47 is when they insist again
Francisco Javier when they call him the
second time
Then he starts to insist on Miguel.
and calls him two more times and already at 4:55
He tells Miguel to come over
the house no and at 5:20 it is already
Miguel in León Trece calls again
to Marta's cell phone, not knowing that either
you're not going to understand what it says here
the sentence of these calls Good
Well, probably these calls
What Miguel does is to excuse himself.
with his brother was I ask okay
you have your brother in front of you
you want to listen then to make yourself
I'm going to go crazy you know I'm going to do it
As if I called her such and such. Well, okay, call her.
but 4:36 when you are in Camas and
No one is watching you and you know that
He's not going to pick up the phone because
you make that call at 4:36 but
the judgment that he calls for making
It seems they don't say they have an alibi
clear brother
exactly That's the thing
that
that he himself, Miguel himself, is the one who
He says no, no, that's not to justify myself.
with my brother and that's what it is
the court ends up saying and that is what
collects the sentence that has been called
Miguel makes them for
to justify himself to his brother for
That surprises me that the call of the
4:36 when the brother is not there
So why do you do it?
justify yourself if your brother is not there
ahead you don't know you could go back to
call him or call him or that he was waiting for you
that he would call you and say No yes already
I called and he didn't pick up because you know
that the result is going to be that is going to be
the same and then another big thing from the
proven facts
Well here it marks half past nine.
but this is what we have said before
Samuel didn't say it was at 12
but then in all the other versions
Miguel says he drops her off at 9:30 at her
home
and in the facts proven in the sentence
of minors who are where the
contradictions with this here it says
that when they kill Marta and move her
body is in this strip not that we have
said before between 8:40 and 10:15
however
It is not possible but in that of
in the case of minors in the trial that is
makes Cuco
They say they make it disappear from
early morning they say that when they arrive they arrive
Cuco meets Miguel at the house and
your brother here I have put Miguel but
Yes, it is true that we have read it here
before that does not put Miguel does not put the
of legal age and each death to Marta and her
brother This is so because as when
This sentence is not yet being drafted
They have judged the elders. Well, here I am.
I put Samuel here or I put Miguel here
but he only implies it, he doesn't say it.
let them be
where we were going
It is a fact proven in the sentence of
younger than the brother is there and the
police also for the calls
which we have mentioned before as well and that
then the four decide to get rid of the
body they do it at dawn here for
good morning the hour at which
They come out at the time that the Witnesses See
to Miguel with the wheelchair the time
at which they take out the body and the time that
they make the body disappear a question
Rafa in the sentence puts the four
They decide to get rid of the body yes yes yes
yes, the juvenile sentence states that
the four
understanding Cuco Samuel Miguel and his
brother decide to get rid of the body
that no, that's good, that's true, that no
puts those names that only the only one
name that is mentioned Yes or yes it is Cuco
He is saying that man and his
brother
There is no one else on the case, that's why I
that they do not put the names of others
Of course, because he has not yet been tried.
Of course, then they can't put it here because
example
Miguel kills her because maybe later
of Samuel or Samuel acetal or leads the
car or whatever because that's already
They have to judge in their trial afterwards
but still what this test does is
that the four decide to get rid of the
Marta's body and they do it at night
and it is not known where there are three here
adults and cuckoos involved in
This sentence according to the sentence of the
Cuco's trial is Cuco and three others
adults those who are of legal age
agreement not those who do
make the body and those involved disappear
exactly exactly
I think it was two years three by
for group coverage, that is, yes
cover-up a group then in the
adult sentence
The only one condemned is Miguel
heel So there is no group, that is to say
Not only are the two sentences
contradict but rather the very one itself
It's a shame that Cuco feels it, I don't know either.
It also does not match what the
adult sentence reality
trying to find a reality with
These two legal truths history
is that he kills her with all his might but only
the good cuckoo covers it up for the adults
I think it says Cuco covers it too.
and that helps a third party
Yes, in the adult sentence it says that
that just like it says here that there are three
older than daiku with which those who are
they dispose of the body in the sentence of
adults says they are Cuco Miguel and a
third of unknown age
I imagine
which is understood to be none of the
who are accused because there is no evidence
I imagine he is older because
I would need a car if I don't have one
not the oldest either, of course
surely yes
Mother of God of age because it already gives
by fact the sentence I imagine that it is
used a car to disappear
Marta, I imagine you don't see that I would put everything
the cuckoo audio eh I would even put the
two of the reconstruction and I would put yes
Do you want me to put the audio of the
statement where he says he sees a woman
to see what people think we put it or
What Now the moment I think so
entered the house
How is the family staying?
botched job has been well described when
we have said the word botched or not
The marinera is at least strange.
sentence has things that are not that
never and never with one's own
conclusions is that when people
He trusts in justice, he does not imagine that
There may be some things like that,
We are talking about a very serious case
that you can go when we finish
when we finish Remind me that from a
data worth that I would love to give it today
that there are many people to listen to
something that will freak you out, right?
only
It's just that it's tremendous, it's just that it's
tremendous is that we are talking about a
super serious case of a minor
family that does not have the body how is it going to
close a case like this
How is a case like this going to be closed?
[Music]
me
I find where I am
the day
and
something No
I think it was a woman but let's wait
because he seems to hesitate when he says it and
apart from that he hesitates and acts like
nervous it seems like he realizes
the best
or that they have looked for a problem and say
but I didn't pay much attention, eh, or so it is.
I say as if I were declaring about
a traffic ticket is worth it or so he said
I say it but don't pay too much attention to me
what the [ __ ] don't notice if you have
that you pass your account child and start giving
back yesterday topic no But oh well
let's see please
Rafa also, it's not that I say either and
to another person who I don't know says already
You know that I worked as if saying already
someone I know who it was or that I recognized
but I better not say it
as if I were afraid to say it Well
Then here what I have are the
versions that are up to 10
statements that you give about Miguel before the
police of which the following are ratified
six that we already know and already
seventh age after judgment This
It is the only part that has nothing to do with
see with the sentence because it is
later now we move on to the declaration
Francisco Javier's okay, that is, we have already
Having seen the eight tested, we are now going to
see what Francisco declares
Javier because here what what
They declare this, we have already talked about it, not them
versions that he gives to Miguel and things
that are said up to this point The
The fact is that Francisco Javier says that
8:30 to 3 is working as a security guard
a hospital in the San Pablo industrial estate that
then at three we go to eat afterwards
At 3 o'clock he goes to eat at a bar with a
friend who arrives at Maria's has a coffee
and then they talk there about how hey this is
night I pick you up at 11:30 and take you
the bar didn't pick you up at your ex's house
woman and you take No yes come okay
They agree on that and Francisco Javier leaves
for the floor of León 13 to a nap
go to sleep wake up at 7:30 and
he showers he is showering he is
fixing it when he arrives at 8:30
Miguel with Marta, this with Marta no no
It says it here because Well it is understood no
He arrives with a person he also says
that he doesn't see him he says that he is in the
bath shaving is grooming what
be and shouts at his brother and
He says, Hey Miguel, he's arrived now.
so you come alone accompanied unaccompanied
Ah well, okay, well then no, I'm not going to
go out so I can see her Francisco
Javier asks him to hang the clothes for him.
He says, Hey, I put on a washing machine. Okay, and
hang out the clothes so I can go
I before These are the words
textual that he says in the trial that
I imagine the recording will be there, right?
you will have it there if we have it but
It's 11 minutes. I'm not going to look for El Cacho.
in which he says it the case is that he says
Something like that doesn't say I ask my brother
to hang the clothes because I have put one
washing machine and then I can go
I don't have to wait for that before
finish the washing machine and take care of this I have
put in blue This is the only thing that with
something but it doesn't fit with anything in the
sentence nor with any of the facts
tested nor with any of the evidence that
There's this thing that he says he has the clothes
which is something that Francisco says
Javier in the statement given by the
judgment
what coincides is with The Seventh
Miguel's version is the one that is already given in
the prison in 2013 which is what he says that
They argue with the mortgage and what is the
brother who is Francisco Javier the one who
kills Marta del Castillo with a
pistol pistol that also apparently
Miguel boasted that he had in his house
he was bragging that he had a gun
so that gun looks like that
It is known that there was a
gun in that house Although Francisco
Javier in later interviews and
Over the years he has denied that he
had a gun for his job
watchman whatever The fact is that in
That seventh version tells you that he discusses
with Francisco Javier while the two
stores in clothes when the two are
hanging clothes is when they argue about
by the mortgage in fact one of the
images that appear in the documentary
Netflix that you put before Javi
see the clothesline the clothes are hanging
is thinking just
It is that the statement of Francisco
Javier he says he's leaving before
I finished the washing machine. Hey, you store and so I
I can go now and yet that photo
She was taking care of the clothes she would have to take care of
If this were to fit, we would have to think that
At 8:40 Francisco Javier leaves and
Miguel before killing Marta or after
Who knows, maybe he'll take care of the laundry, but I don't
I think you should wait until it's over.
washing machine you hang the clothes
while you have a corpse in the
room I don't think you'll get to
think about that and if we do it the other way around
It doesn't match the hours either, so
We have said before at 8:28 Marta has already
Marta is dead, they have already killed her. Then
no, it doesn't add up
The thing is that well then he calls
Maria okay he is there in the living room in the
room, that is, yes, in the living room of the house
He calls his girlfriend Maria and asks her
She can stay and study
and he says yes no and leaves among the
8:40 and 8:45 all this I repeat this
as Francisco Javier says in his
statement at trial at 9 Call to
his wife Rosa who is in the
house of Tarshish and now eats with her and with
her daughter until 11:30
At 10 to 12 Maria picks him up
leaves it at the bar Bueno 11:30 picks it up 11
less 10 leave the bar and there he relieves
your partner Rubén mallorga I have put the
name Because there the bar was owned
of three people from Francisco Javier de
Ruben and the subtle lord who is the one who spreads the word
who is in charge of the cash register and is the one who
presents the invoice And he is also the one who
testifies that the work of the POS can be
change and you can manipulate the time
a drink
but that man is now dismissed
We will see why the one who was not there that day
This day is Ruben Ruben crosses to
10 to 12 with Francisco Javier
bar tells him that he'll see you later, he's leaving
and he stays working on it until
3:10 at 3:10 you go to a bar this is not
the police check it
the head of the group of minors of the grume
They ask him if they have confirmed
This is what they went to ask at that bar
Yes the minimum the minimum Yes exactly
Yes but the police
Well look, I think it appears almost in the
This video we have of the tour
I say why because remember that
place the call he makes to his girlfriend
in the life of Llanes
Yes because look at this video that we have not
used Do you remember that in the end it
we have gone crazy we have not put but
It wasn't very either. This is a video that
Trium and I had recorded the other day
so you can see how little it takes
from León 13 to the cabin of the
Carmona highway but unnecessary
because there was another booth closer
but well look I'm going to use it for
say where the minimum is, the minimum you
when you get here on the avenue
Miraflores
you come more or less
I'm going to pass by there first.
before
He already lost me but he doesn't mess around anymore
Miraflores we have passed from chanco
This street is not here, the Old
garage that is already closed
Here Here they put you giving and here it is
Ok, and if I continue for León 3-0, what do I do?
continue there, nothing crosses two
León 13 cookies go there for
there is this street this street here to the
left this street since here already
you can see the minimum is in the other
Janet Avenue antenna at the end of
this street but at the end end
It doesn't make sense for it to be the minimum
to León 13 there is no point in taking you
the antenna of Avenida already That's what I mean
and yet when they called
from the minimum bar to go inside
Leo Thirteen
You have to cross two blocks by the
past and unemployment where the Old One was
arrest
that's the way it's worth it
You follow the line forward
Miraflores and that antenna
or at the beginning
It takes you into account the distance
What about the Placita around here more or
At least that antenna picks you up
because the antenna is there in front of the
Mara friduría and here you can already
take it surely but for the
At least not. I mean, that would be [ __ ] crazy.
that I would take you for the minimum, the minimum
maybe the antenna of the Cross catches you
Red
well located on the Avenue
senseless telephone llanesting
nonsense anyway that's it
police don't check it so it's not
know if it was in that glass if it wasn't
I'll tell you about that too
Francisco Planes says that statement
that this is what he usually does
that when he closes on Sundays
go up and what it does is stop at the minimum
Always before going to your house Only that
This day is very short because
I was alone for half an hour, let's say no
putting 10 minutes of travel
between one place and another because as you know
that Maria is in the house, well no
He also doesn't want to arrive too late, which
I don't see much sense in it either. Because if
Maria will call you at two telling you
that he is going to sleep at whatever time
you're going to wake her up, you don't care anymore
the four that arrive at 6 But oh well
The thing is that he stops there if the
police would have gone to ask the
at least to see if Francisco had been there
that night of that particular night not of
two three weeks ago when the start
investigation
Maybe they would have told him why me
This man sounds familiar to me because he is very
this way because because it comes every
Sundays, so yes, this is true
Even if it were proven but
anyway the police don't even
takes the trouble to corroborate that
part of the section already arrives at four
Leo 13 and when he calls Mary what is it?
that says what you were saying now that it is the
call that summoned him to Llanes No
I think at four zero something yes
I just found out now that
That call does not position the door of
Leon 13 but let's go
then at 4:30 he says he receives two
calls and says two calls for that
It is in red because it is a contradiction
asking for Marta then of course
when it says today they called me twice
I'm going to call Miguel until he gets it to me.
do not take this problem repeatedly
There are not two calls when you call
Miguel we are going to see him here now in the
Well, and we've seen it before in the
Listín and I explain it before they are not
They are a call, that is, it is just a
call at 4:28 when he calls
Miguel and also repeated calls
times to Miguel supposedly because he doesn't
He takes it but if you look at the Listín you see
that if there are seconds in which the call
has been downloaded and in which they have
spoken anyway I the time that
What catches my attention the most here is
This is at 4:35 because it calls to
4:35 to Miguel and at 4:36 Miguel already
He's calling Marta Miguel, he's already there
making that alibi of I'm going to
call Marta so she can register
That call but oh well
[Music]
In the end, the third call
the last time he spoke to Miguel
says Come to the floor, don't come to
Miguel arrives here around five-something
and tells him that he has left Marta to
9:30 Samuel had told the
mother at 12 so here we have
Another dance now says that at nine
and a half left the glass shop and that already
we didn't know anything about her name
corroborate the testimony
820 or 830 834 and 841 calls
yellow cards from León 13 according to the police
At this time Marta is already dead
second race a second you realize it
what is the sentence saying called
that corroborate the testimony and are the
calls from the other accused not from a
separate witness who has nothing to do with it
and that refers to the fact that these are the
calls So they exist
Miguel, it seems that truly
let's see, let's do it, let's be
rigorous not And above all we are going to
try to be realistic in this live
which is what it is about is worth the same as
We are asking for one thing, the truth
for several reasons that we are not going to
put up for debate now But it has its
logic and its Why justice I do not know
If in other countries it will be the same but at
just like we were talking about before
topic that cannot be reopened
You can play it twice and so on.
Justice always prevails before
protect innocence from guilt
for exactly what he puts in jail
a person who may later be innocent
It is preferable to leave someone on the street
guilty than to put in jail
innocent
Of course not, in this case what happens is that
there is a doubt
Although many times everyone is
seeing things and this is us
surprising now because this case is
very mediatic But this happens a lot eh
although although here we are seeing it
but this is how it is and here there is
errors that need to be corrected because it is
that there are things that you are seeing in
the face and is telling you that you are
laughing in my face this is white and in
bottle
but if you don't have a [ __ ] video of a
murderer killing his victim does not you
They condemn Miguel Carcaño is in the
jail because he confesses and because of the
drop of blood on clothes
exactly the confession of a person
No, it doesn't mean that they can screw you.
jail basically because you can
confess to a murder to cover up
another person Yes of course you can be
confess and you may have blood
he may have blood because you have been
covering you know that
really that the blood they find
It is inside the pocket because that is where
carries the ashtray supposedly Look
here the father here if the father does not
would have fought so hard if the father had not
I would have put so much pressure and not
I would have fought so hard not even know
get a conviction if this case if
This case is not media-related. I have my own
doubt that there would have been any
condemnation for no one surely
in what we have said before
that if Miguel Calcañón does not incriminate himself
He said there is solid evidence of contracting the
blood in your pocket is the most you can do
There is Claro
What happens is that he confesses but we go and
even confessing many times
They can absorb you Because look at you Here
What they are basing this on is
after all there is one there is one
juvenile sentence that tells you that
everyone covers up and now later they don't. Why?
Because I can't prove who covers
because there is no look I would like
put on just one little thing Okay and
We continue with Rafa's analysis that
I think we put it in the non-versions
in the criminal evidence and so we
we get rid of the evidence
criminals if you like Look
criminal evidence is worth carcaño
of old-fashioned, which is what we have. Well, to
Carcaño, what happens to him is that the police
finds it strange that it comes out
from his house and that there are neighbors who
see with a wheelchair and then
they ask you voluntarily
to the bride
to the mother of the bride with the
who lived bedridden, they ask him for the
clothes I had that day and that night and
It turns out that they find him
two drops of blood
the grandmother of the girlfriend washes it
girlfriend of the girl the washing machine that by
true, it was not possible to take that certificate
woman because she had already passed away when
The judgment comes that I will remember Yes
Well, it doesn't matter, I agreed with him because
they had taken the toothbrush to
Marta's DNA and the clothes matched that
Miguel, okay, that was the test.
incriminating Miguel this and the
confession of the cuckoo of the cuckoo was the
This roll that no one knew what became of it
A knife is found in the whole
door in the León Trece sewer
on the whole door of the portal yesterday he said
that was there because it is
because Miguel Said Look for the
sewer has a knife and is the
knife that the cuckoo has his life in his
Twenty because this guy had one
hobby with knives and with
knives and here look here This is what
Rafa commented at the beginning of the
direct Not the one that the programs
Of course the judges are not
professionals in all sectors in
all areas sorry and except in this one
time and in a matter of technology
democratized as today the judge does not
you know the toy is putting here
Tuenti but he doesn't even know what he's saying
extracted from the Tuenti software program
He says, but well, this thing about Twenty that
that's where this photo of you is and
Someone would say, "Well, a whole program."
of the internet is worth it is a thing of the
computer But well the cuckoo nothing
experts are not consulted in an expert
for forensics
the difference between that time and this one
They mention Twenty as a program
computer science because it was not available
awareness of what the word of the
expression social network I mean it didn't exist
I have judgments that are not about things
serious are the right to honor and things
of these that we have not those that we
we dedicate to the heart
and the judges don't know about networks
social still, that is, I had to
ask a judge for a court order
to find out something about Twitter and
and the literally trying part
you know how to cheat
[Music]
The judges do not know what they have to do
ask if they don't know if a Twitter account
is linked to the mobile or is linked
an email or has a password or has
a username they don't know why it is
normal because you know your stuff
So here the judges have one
ballot And they all have to play
the fields because imagine that it is
Imagine a case of murder of a
mechanic and now come issues that have
that have to do with mechanics or that have to
to do with the workings of the
cars or how to open a car
or what pieces can be found
blood on the connecting rod
clear
no no no no no no he
that he has to be there
the lawyer for the party who is smart is
wants to ask for those things the lawyer is the one
that he has to be smart about that
Father Marta del Castillo Maybe
I would have had or well to see maybe
the father Yes, the truth is that yes, maybe
another lawyer who would not have done it
not a single cape has escaped, listen to me. What do you mean?
The phone has this list I want
the list that doesn't tell me street
by street minutes by minute where you know
There the judges you you tell him Hey I
I want to ask you for the telephone companies
This and the judge is the only thing he asks you
It is for what reason because it is convenient
and why this is necessary for the
research And then if you give it
an explanation and you say Look why the
telephone company has a listing and
can detect you perfectly and
can trace the entire route they have
done all day and the judge tells you Well
yes we need it
but of course the judge If you don't know it
you propose not knowing that that exists there
many people who when this has happened
the phone numbers that Antonio is asking for
blames the judge for not having asked for it in his
day and it's like but I know that on Thursday that
I'm sure he didn't know it existed there.
that there was someone alive who asked for it.
The best thing is that the police could have been there
the police have been more active, for example
Of course, and the prosecutor can also
asking for things from the prosecutor is more complicated
but the police Yes because they have
IT departments and have
departments specialized in these
things that that
department
Of course, it is also
Well, let's see, listen to me in 2009
mobile phones
that the police had a fund and a
specific department in charge
nor the Prehistory tribe Or yes
It is known that there are antennas that are
locating the cell phones, yeah, damn it. Look
If it is known that these three smart guys
They were disconnecting the phones that
Yes, of course, that's what I want to tell you.
Maybe here in Seville I won't tell you
that the uco of Madrid and such had a
specific department but here in
Seville may not have been in that
moment and it was not done, it was not thought of, not to the
bettersimply
personal opinion and with all due respect
world but for me there was no lawyer here
smarter
but not only in the subject of the
phones but in this a lawyer will
He takes it and tells you how the hell they put it
blackboard that this is on the avenue
Aryane yes on Janet Avenue on 8th
there were pages of the circle
repeat this test or be a lawyer
being aware of this, it is so that the judge will
you have to give a mark you have to
Let's see, you have to try it.
judge the guilt of others
So apart from the fact that they are seen not to be
They are very much willing to contribute to
the case is that it seems that it is not
They don't even want to find Marta, but it's that
He needs to blame Marta for the whole case.
is what is missing now because what I
What is missing in this case is that
In the end, it's Mark's fault.
of everything
Well, you have to give it more chaos than
He has no choice, that's what happens
man what I see what I see in
This case is that it has been done for a while
proven from the facts based on the
testimony of the accused
you follow the time of the events and that is what
What do they say, that is, they do not take themselves into account?
does not even count the hours that they say
Witnesses I repeat that I do not know
They have nothing in their pockets nor any clues
of the phones or anything, that is to say, all the
proven account of the facts is like the
Francisco Javier says he is going to
9:41 Marta has to be up at
9:41 because he doesn't see her
But hey, he didn't say he didn't see her.
He is good but he is accusing and
You can lie because of course but
Miguel is also another of the abused.
accused
can lie what cannot lie are
the Witnesses and yet we are
using even if you don't have to even if you
you have to is that here there are things that are
There are very strange things here that surely
They escape because it is true. That is you.
you have to blame or be the judge always
will throw whatever the case may be for
absorb you who is the accusation
has to prove guilt but not
that you say Look, it's white and in
bottle because at this time I was here and
The other one who was born here was him
no no you only have to try but me
These three come to me
witnesses are telling me to see
Maribel Calcaño at one thirty this morning
witness is telling me the witness
girlfriend who sees him at 1:30 the police me
He says he checked the time and it was in
around half past one, then there are two
another witness who sees him on the street with
the wheelchair at that time and then I
I put that at that time it is not because the
The accused have said that it is not their fault
of the Witnesses nor of those who have made
They have gone to show him the guilt of that
Someone said instead of cream these
witnesses and the police who are
Saying this I'm going to believe this
person who is telling me that the
body moves it at nine thirty
anyone who has A
see any self-respecting person who
have a little professionalism and
respect for all the years that you have been carrying
These four are my race
making fun of me and the whole
family and I get a tickle for
the body that I say for you that I
you are telling me you have seen me
the stupid face you have on hand
police audio when
does not speak for fear that there is someone
the one who can harm
But I don't want to give Rosalía the goal.
Miguel's cover-up if that is what it is
I don't want any more stories if he's a friend
[ __ ] to the matter if the worst drawing
wants to study journalism one day
because it is the carrion carrion I
I don't want more people, I want this and
This and that saved him and I'm staying
calm from when I spoke here with him
child and told me I left the
room because when I saw the blood I
gave
said another word
the one who carries out any investigation
person at work you went to ask
to the bar and says no we didn't go it wasn't bought
that's to see Any person when he is
working that in the end the police are
working what he wants is to spend the
the best possible day or the least
complicated possible no less pains of
head and and that his time comes
jobs, that is, finishing work not
you know that basically
It hurts but it is also undignified
because all jobs have no
They have the same implication, isn't it?
Same Maybe a person who is
loading a truck than a person who
is handling a case like this then
I want you to put it because what happens is that
we should have put it before
when we have been talking saying
Well, and if the body doesn't disappear at
not the same day but the next day
Look, there's a conversation between the mother of
Cuco with the infiltrator and listen to what
says about it okay I'll pass it to you
Hello because it is super interesting and
Listen to it and then a second
I've missed it by the hour
[Music]
That is, he is saying, Look, if the police
It's awkward that we call from my phone
they could have placed everyone at
Miguel to Samuel to Cuco to everyone and
then he tells her but that night
says that night and the next day and
to the other or that is
are giving before there was
movements other days to day and the next
the woman herself is from the audio
the mother is pointing and almost
who is laughing at Look how clumsy
that are not even on my mobile
they could find everything
could place them all you know this
saying that he lends his phone to Google
for him to call
but
He asks if they tell him but you did
a call that day and you say I don't my
son who had no balance
Of course, of course. So she's saying that
Cuco uses his mobile phone to call and
see if this is for the police that is not
They look at my phone. Of course they have you.
the call came out because Cuco didn't have
balance in yours, look at the outrage
This is what it is to repeat the
judgment with all things but of course
What happens is that they have to stick to it
procedural code you know something else that
I recently found out that I didn't know
that you
This is for example these audios
I don't know, no, they are not useful to incriminate
This woman in nothing or something that you
you happen to have some messages or
audio I mean if these if these calls
These conversations are recorded with
with the intention that she
self-incrimination is useless, say it here
that says
because you have the right not to
incriminate yourself and not confess
That is to say, this even though it was already said
here then I have this to see
They can't cause it, this is of no use as
test because there is in fact a call
She is the one who says when she wants
I don't know if I can collect the million euros.
Have you ever heard that call?
that is tremendous yes she wants
collect the million euros because the
Marta de Castillo's family offers a
million euros to the person who
clue leading to the whereabouts of the body
of her daughter and she speaks if I don't know if
I have that call here if I look for one
Here we go well Well it turns out that
that she
Talk to the cuckoo's father.
talking to him telling him that how good
Why don't they go to the lawyer and say in
the lawyer Where is the body and what
They charge a million euros, so they don't
Father says it's not that they are a cover-up
How are you going to go to the body now if you don't?
has said before and she says no because the
lawyer who covers our secret
confidentiality that says it is another
third person who has been saying it
that the cuckoo said that the body was
so late and that Samuel told him that
took there and such I don't know how much and what
copper of the million euros and do not give it Yes
yes that is the call because it is that you
I can come if you want, I can give it to you
but
I don't have it here, I have it in the
video from here you have to see that man
everything that has already been done to try
find the body eh man what has
bought up to the floor of León Trece
I sold it years ago but I bought it for
offer it to Miguel in exchange for
I said, "Where is Uncle Luis's body?"
Miguel did not respond
also another thing that says that says
Sure, sure, right now.
Okay, we listen to you, right?
okay okay
What we were talking about Samuel is not
Let's see what Samuel is, what Samuel Mira
the clothes have absolutely nothing no
nothing is appreciated in the clothes, it is worth doing a
study and nothing is seen in fact
Look Listen to this
I don't hear it
and Samuel at the home of León Trece
the night the events occurred
some type of profile is not found
genetic at the home of León Trece
that implicates Samuel Benítez in the events
no fingerprint found
that the facts implicate him
any genetic profile is found in your
clothes that were seized from him
involved in the facts
Not apart from his confession
Is there any other evidence that incriminates him?
the facts
scientists no
there is nothing to incriminate you for
To condemn you have to have something and that is
There's nothing. Look at something else, Javi.
Well
we are going to listen to each other with echo, okay another
stuff
Put the audio that looks at this audio that you go
to put is a call that I know that is
pinch between Miguel's brother
Calcaño and Miguel Carcaño you have to
keep in mind that the brother knows
perfectly that they are puncturing the
called but listen to what he says here
at the beginning of the call
that this one we have put here now
relax
all the truth and the truth in this case
that when the time comes, then
we have to take some action
legal
I mean, look how Miguel enters the brother
He is supposed to have killed the other one and
that and that and that the brother doesn't know anything
He says either you speak or I speak, but I
I can't stand the pressure anymore
That's what it says Listen to it at the beginning Let's see no
listen to that
and in the end, the truth will all come out and
The truth in this case is that when I arrive
the moment then we have to undertake
some action
who cannot be calm because he does not
I know it so like tomorrow
or you speak but with whom to whom
refer or Speak yourself
You talk to them or I talk or I talk
I understand that it is to the police not for the
pressure I think they said that
family
He is telling the other you speak, I speak
but I can't handle the pressure
Wow, hey, do you think we should see the
declaration of
María García Mendaro at the trial to be seen
if it matches everything we have
seen on repeaters
the one in the house would observe some
light
there was someone inside
safe When you cross the door
from the house observation would offer some light
there was someone inside for sure
what time are we good sure sure that
I said it but come on, I think not.
we are approximately maybe
a little more because I Javier leaves it
at 10 to 12 while I arrive and
I won't arrive, it will be 12:15, I don't know how much
late
or 12:30
I don't remember it directly
once you arrived at the room what is it
what it does
Well, I feel nothing had been bought
candy and nuts and things
There's a Red Bull, I sat in it.
armchair and I started to study Maria is
It is true that around 2:30
approximately
I had the window close and I didn't hear
no noise
until what time did you stay
studying
until 2 o'clock when I take a nap and that's it
we have talked that I am staying
I'm going to bed asleep since I had
to get up early in the morning
that hour that I told the two Llamas
to you
For what reason?
to tell him that I'm going to bed and
to warn him that he doesn't have a key
because he lent me the key
Then touch the phone and I'll open it for you.
because he didn't have a key
Maria when center in the house or to
throughout the time you were there
That is, you noticed some strange smell
there as the Indian to understand us
say some type of cleaning product
and he doesn't have a clean smell No yes
remembering and trying to remember
but I don't know if it's something subjective but I
I think that when I passed through the hallway it was already there
there is only one time alone that was that
day and normally I always went with Javier
I never went alone and I remember that when I passed by
down the hall as you pass the room
Miguel I don't have a strange one but it wasn't
clean of
clean floor but it was a strange smell
but just as you pass through the hall you
Afterwards when I arrived at the living room I didn't notice
absolutely nothing to open
the room I have never entered
Miguel's room I have never opened
room
but it seemed to me that it was like I didn't
I forgot my ammonia as they say it wasn't
As if it were a mop that is in
the bars that are a little dirty I don't know
how clear
How is it possible that you don't remember if the
room was open closed and
He's telling me that you didn't open the
Miguel's room and second as you see
the mop if the room was
closed
how the smell remains but apart from what
I was thinking
listening to it is okay or so
We have to take those people into account
He says that they are not serial killers.
not professionals or anything like that.
whether these people are a prosecutor or a judge
who wants to find a way around there
the patriotic questions catch him
lies up to the sky the mouth
a good lawyer for the other side and such
That is, for example, these things that have
left yesterday but if the other one says later
that has left the room How that
you were here Hey but if the other one says
that you know are things that
No one passed by, one can no longer leave
or why Because How nothing happens
I don't understand the echo because because
there is echo when when you share when
I share
the videos are worth it, I wanted to put them too
another thing that was to get your hands dirty
at the head that was the first
version that gives good the first version
first no because Miguel's first
carcaño is
which surely coincides with the
It's true that he is with Marta and they are going to
take the notes that go to the little square
that go to Triana that end up in this
with the difference that he says that
after Leon Thirteen leaves her
glassware and at home no but the first
killer version that they give
and they remain valid for what they do
Searching in the river is mind-blowing and
any good the three of us who are
Here we are from Seville, not just anyone who
Get to know Seville in these areas we go
You know that doesn't make any sense
By the 24th Miguel had contacted
with him who had asked for help. This
tells Samuel and the others
They corroborate and also go and point out
a bus to the Prado del Prado is
He walked to León 13, which
When he arrived he saw Marta
to get rid of the evidence that
They took Marta out, put her on the motorcycle and
They went to a certain place in a
bridge near Chaco Mira
the echo the first thing is that
Anyone knows that from Montequinto
to León 13 you don't go by bus first and
then walking from San Bernardo to León 13
nor in the two hours that they have
disconnected phones
no way to start for San
Bernardo, you already told me your triumph that it
I had looked and there were two buses
because
from Montequinto to San Bernardo
from San Bernardo to León Trece walking Ay
wrong forgiveness
From Montequinto to Prado it is two buses
at least not, that is to say it is a pain in the ass it is not
one but it is supposed to get off there
They are giving up to León 13 exactly no no
but we go from Prado to León Trece del
Prado La Macarena is where you can see it there
Look, that's it.
on the screen
and you have to add also
Montequinto to the Prado will take Marta where
take her riding on the motorcycle Back to
Prado and return to Montequinto all that
did in exactly an hour and a bit there was no
fallen on the return but it is that if the
back now either
Well
in that version be careful when they throw the
Body in the Miguel River goes to bed
and Samuel runs back
Exactly, it's tremendous and don't miss it.
don't miss it, that's wings, there's no beak
the night, that is, I am at 9:00 in the morning
At night I ride a small scooter
I mean, Miguel rides one
dead girl in the middle I get on I go
for every tournament that car by tournament
you know what I'm talking about there
police and everything normally in tournament
because a fairly busy area or me
I risk or I risk finding myself
police Because if there are three of us on the motorcycle
they stop me or they stop me
and I go
yes it is true that it was raining
[Music]
simply
is that you don't take any chances and apart from that
It is not only that it is a tournament that
that people understand tournament can be
As in Madrid, the Gran Vía does
It happened a little less the best because
at least but come on it's the area of
march in 2000 in 2009
tournament in the marching area where it is
all the nightclubs along the entire avenue
Also, there was a disco here.
of atmosphere also and all the wax of
in front of which is the one that almost gives to
the river is the entire drinking area of
the kids, it is true that this
It was raining but there was still
people I mean
every Saturday night at
nine thirty at night There is police
This version is told to the police
not even the doubt
That is, the desire they have to have sex like this
who do not even doubt the version
It's tremendous and
They tell me that
and we put it together between the three of us and we go in
the motorcycle the three of us say Okay now you have me
It will be told Tell me the truth
Of course, I mean, you're going to tell me with one
dead person or you ride to have a motorcycle
knowing that we can stop you with the
dead person that I don't believe I mean
I don't know what police officer questioned that.
Super good but it is to participate
Furthermore, it is not only that they then did
searches
from this statement and everything forward
I mean, laughing in everyone's face is
laugh in your face Sorry that
I was reading something strange in the chat but
I haven't had time to read it yet.
reading something that was interesting to me
but I have had time to read it
Miguel Carcaño's latest version speaks
of a documentary forgery
fight between siblings over a mortgage
That had been requested in a manner
fraudulent with false payroll with life
false labor and this version The truth
It is the one that the family believes the most
the square is arguing the two
brothers when they meet at home
of León Trece on the issue that the
Miguel money instead of paying the first
mortgage letter is spent I don't know
if in one on the motorcycle precisely or in
something console
They have a fight The two brothers in
house apparently gets very upset and
Marta interferes in the fight
takes a bad hit okay
This version apart from each family
square also squares the form of
get rid of the body no and it must be said
One thing about that statement is that
Francisco Javier recognizes that this fight
exists
Saint Francis Xavier recognizes that he
has that fight with his brother over the
money
That is, he recognizes that this fight exists
What happens is that it is placed on another day
so when Netflix because
This comes out of the investigation, they tell him.